PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul support alb move gre
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move wal
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser support gal move rum
sil move mun
spa move por
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nrg
hol move bel
kie move mun
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr support mos move sev
vie move gal
wal move iri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move sil
bud move vie
fin move nwy
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mar
iri move nat
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr
mun move sil
naf support mid move wes
nth support fin move nwy
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sil move gal
spa support gas move mar
stp move lvn
swe hold
tys move tun
ukr support sil move gal
ven move tus
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sil move war
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army con
build Army kie
remove lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support sev
con move bul
gal move ukr
gas support spa move mar
kie move den
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nat move nrg
nth move eng
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
ser move alb
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
smy move arm
spa move mar
swe support kie move den
tun support tys
tus move ven
tys support tun
ukr support war
vie move gal
war support ukr
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move nap
alb move tri
arm hold
bar move nwy
bul move nap via convoy
den support swe
eng support nrg move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion convoy bul move nap
gol move tys
mar move pie
naf move tun
nrg move nth
pie support ven move tus
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil support pru move war
swe support den
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tus
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove tun
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move syr
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla move con
den support swe
edi move nrg
eng hold
gal support vie move boh
gre move apu via convoy
hol support bel
ion convoy gre move apu
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy move stp/nc
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support war
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move ven
tys move rom
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tyr move ven
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh move sil
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
gal move war
hol support bel
ion move adr
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mun support sil
nap hold
nth move hel
nrg move nth
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev support lvn move mos
sil support war
swe move den
tun support gol move tys
tyr move ven
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel support mid move eng
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre hold
den support kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
hol support bel
kie support den
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
rom move tus
sil move gal
stp/nc support edi move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tys support rom
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bud support ukr move rum
den support kie
eng move mid
gal move rum
hol support bel
kie support hol
mar move spa
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy move fin
pru move ber
ser support gal move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre move par
bud support ukr move rum
den move kie
eng move iri
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mar move gas
mun support kie move ber
nth move eng
pru move lvn
ser move gre
sil move pru
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move sil
bud move ser
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move ruh
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth move lon
par move bre
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wal support mid move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move gre
eng support bre move mid
gas support mar move spa
gre move alb
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
lvn support sil move war
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
nap support tun move ion
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bul move gre
sil move war
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wal support eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
bel move nwy via convoy
boh move mun
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre hold
ion support gre
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid move por
mos support war
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move nat
pic move wal via convoy
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ser support gre
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
ber support mun move sil
boh move gal
eas support aeg move ion
eng move lon
gal move war
gre move alb via convoy
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mar move gas
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
por move mid
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support por move mid
syr move arm
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
sil move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move nap
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh move gal
eas move ion
edi support hol move nth
gal support pru move war
gas move bur
hol move nth
ion move gre
lon move nth
lvn support war
mid move nat
mos support war
pru move war
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr support pru move war
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove gol
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu support ion move rom
arm support sev
boh move gal
edi move nth
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon support mid move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth move bel
par move pic
pru support war
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil support boh move gal
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
wal move yor
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move rom
arm support sev
bel support nth move eng
bud support vie move gal
bur support pic move bel
cly move nrg
eas move ion
eng support lon move nth
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol support wes move tys
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum support vie move gal
sev support rum
sil support gal
stp move nwy
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr support gal
ven move adr
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support rum
den move nth
edi move hol via convoy
eng move bel
gol move tus
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pic support eng move bel
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move war
tun support tys
tys support nap
ukr move mos
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
