PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser move rum
spa move por
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move sil
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support yor move hol
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
gre support ser move bul
kie move mun
lon move nth
mun support bur move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bul
sil move ber
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support bal move kie
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hel support yor move den
kie support ruh move mun
mid move spa/sc
mun support bur move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
ser support bul
spa move mar
swe support yor move den
tys move ion
ven move tri
wes move tun
yor move den
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support ukr move rum
bud support gal move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move vie
hel support den move kie
ion move alb
kie support ber
lon hold
mar move bur
mos support arm move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth support bel move hol
par move pic
ruh support den move kie
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank support bla move con
bal support kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con support smy
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth support hel move hol
nrg move nat
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank move con
bal support kie
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
bre move mid
bul support ank move con
bur move gas
con support ser move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal move vie
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol move bel
iri move wal
kie support sil move mun
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
nth support hel move hol
pic support hol move bel
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move con
tri support gal move vie
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal move den
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla support rum move bul
boh move gal
bre support bel move eng
bud support ser move tri
bur move gas
con support rum move bul
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support bul
hol support nth move bel
iri move lvp
kie support mun
mid move por
mun hold
nth move bel
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy support con
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army sev
remove ukr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move con
ber move mun
bla support con move ank
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvp move nat
mun move bur
nth support lon
pic move bel
por support iri move mid
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
spa move por
tri support vie move bud
tyr support boh
vie move bud
wal move eng
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank move smy
bla support con move ank
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move ank
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
iri support nat move mid
kie move hel
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support lon
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy hold
spa move gas
tri support gal move bud
tyr support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
bel move pic
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel hold
iri convoy lvp move naf
lon support nth move eng
lvp move naf
mid convoy lvp move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth move eng
rum move bud
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
hel move kie
iri move mid
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nth move eng
pic support eng move bre
ruh move bur
rum move bud
sil move boh
ukr move rum
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move tyr
bud support gal move vie
bul support rum move ser
bur move par
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gal move vie
lvp move cly
mun support boh move tyr
pic move eng
pie move tus
rum move ser
sil move boh
tun move nap
tys convoy tun move nap
wal support edi move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
eng move mid
gal move rum
ion support bul move gre
iri support wal move lvp
lvp move edi
mid move wes
smy hold
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
vie move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
ion move aeg
mos move sev
mun move ber
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move bla
stp/nc hold
tri support ser move alb
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
