PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support con move bul
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser hold
spa hold
stp move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap hold
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bel move ruh
ber support mun move sil
bla support bul
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
den support ska move swe
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move nap
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support tri
sev move rum
ska move swe
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
remove sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel support ruh move hol
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den hold
fin move swe
gas move bur
kie move bal
lon move nwy
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support bud
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri hold
tun move ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
sil move ber
stp move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
apu move adr
bal convoy pru move kie
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber support pru move kie
bla support rum
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud hold
bur support sil move mun
den support pru move kie
fin support mos move stp
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
mos move stp
nap support ion
nth move den
nwy move stp
pru move kie
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
swe support nth move den
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber support boh move mun
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support mun
den move kie
fin move stp/sc
gre support alb
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
lon move nth
lvn support nwy move stp
mid move iri
mos support fin move stp/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ion
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support alb
sev support mos
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
swe move fin
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel move wal
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
boh support ber move mun
bud hold
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp/sc
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ber
lvn move mos
mid move nat
mos support fin move stp/sc
mun move ber
nap support ion
nth move lon
nwy move stp
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support mos
swe move fin
tri hold
vie support bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove fin
remove gal
build Army mar
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg support eas move ion
bar move nrg
bla hold
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move nth
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon support den move nth
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap support ion
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support stp move mos
stp move mos
swe move ska
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal move yor
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support ion
alb support tri move ser
bar move nrg
bla support rum
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur support ruh move mun
cly support yor move edi
eng move lon
gre move alb
hol support pic move bel
ion support gre move alb
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun support sil move ber
nat move mid
nap support tun move ion
nth move edi
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser support gre move alb
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska move den
tri move ser
tun move ion
ukr support war move mos
vie move gal
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove sil
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bel support eng move nth
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
cly move nrg
den support nrg move nth
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon support nth move yor
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move yor
nrg move nth
rum move bud
sev support bla move rum
tri support alb move ser
tyr move pie
tys move nap
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla move con
bul support ser
cly support edi
den move nth
eng support bel move nth
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie support nth move den
gol move mar
mun move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nrg support yor move edi
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser support gre move alb
sev move mos
sil move war
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
ber move pru
bud hold
bul support ser
cly move edi
con move aeg
den move ska
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon move wal
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap support tys move rom
nth support edi move yor
nrg move nwy
par move bur
rom hold
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move war
smy move eas
tri hold
tun hold
tys move rom
ven support tri
vie support bud
wes support gol move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
gal support war
gol move tys
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rom support nap move tys
ruh move kie
ser support bud
sil move pru
ska support den move swe
stp support nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war support gal
wes support tys move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove nwy
build Army par
build Army smy
remove wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move alb
alb move adr
ank move con
bre move gas
bud hold
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support war
ion convoy smy move alb
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn hold
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth move nrg
par move bur
pru support lvn
rom support tys
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move alb
stp move fin
swe move fin
tys hold
war support sev move mos
wes support tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg hold
alb move tri
ber move pru
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move war
gas move bur
ion support tys
lon move den
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mos support war move lvn
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move bar
nwy support lvn move stp
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support tys
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move war
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tys hold
ukr support gal move war
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
