PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support gal move rum
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum support vie move gal
sev support gal move rum
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul move ser
con move bul
gal hold
ion move adr
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
bud support vie move gal
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den move swe
gal move bud
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy hold
ruh support kie move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove vie
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support nth move hol
bre move eng
bud support war move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
gre move alb
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy move swe
rom move tys
ruh support kie move hol
rum support bud
ser hold
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal move vie
kie support ruh move mun
lon move yor
naf support wes
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev hold
ska move swe
stp move fin
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ven support tri
wes support naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bel support nth move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal move vie
ion move eas
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf move wes
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev hold
ska move den
smy move eas
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
wes move tys
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move hel
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol hold
ion move eas
kie support ber
mid move nat
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie support ven
ser move alb
sev hold
ska move nth
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ven
tys support ion
vie move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move gal
cly support nrg move edi
edi move cly
gal move war
gre support ion
hel support ska move den
hol support nth
ion hold
kie support ska move den
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nap support tys move ion
nth support edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pie support ven
ser support tri
sev hold
ska move den
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven support tyr
vie support tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu support adr move ven
cly support edi
den hold
eas move ion
edi support nwy move nrg
eng move lon
gal move sil
gre support eas move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support ruh move hol
lvp hold
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
pru move war
ruh move hol
ser hold
sev hold
sil support pru move war
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move tys
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army par
remove rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bre move eng
cly move lvp
den support lon move nth
edi support nrg move nth
gal support war
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie support den
lon move nth
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nrg move nth
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
ser move alb
sev hold
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support ven
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support gre move ion
apu move rom
bel move hol
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den support lon move nth
edi support nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie support den
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol move wes
mos move lvn
nap support apu move rom
nth support swe move den
pie support tyr move ven
pru move lvn
sev move bla
sil move war
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
alb move tri
apu support tri move ven
bel move ruh
bla move con
cly move lvp
con move bul
den support lon move nth
edi support nth
eng move bel
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support den
lon move nth
lvp hold
mos move lvn
nap support ion
nth support swe move den
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom support tri move ven
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support adr move ion
war support gal move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support ven
bel support den move nth
bul move gre
cly move edi
con move aeg
den support lon move nth
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nth
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lon support den move nth
lvp move cly
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap support aeg move ion
nth move den
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh move mun
sil support war move pru
ska support nth move den
swe support nth move den
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ven hold
war move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move adr
apu support rom move nap
bel support bre move eng
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre move eng
cly move nrg
con move bul
den move bal
eas move ion
edi hold
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move war
mun support ber move sil
nap move rom
nth support swe move den
pie hold
pru hold
rom move nap
sil move gal
ska support nth
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support ven
tus support pie
tyr move vie
tys support wes move tun
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move vie
bul move ser
den move kie
eas support ion
edi move lvp
eng move nth
ion support apu move nap
kie move hol
lon support eng move nth
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move edi
nrg support eng move nth
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
sil support ber
ska move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tys move ion
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
apu support nap
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber support ruh move kie
den support kie
eas support ion
edi move nth
gal support war move sil
ion hold
kie support pru move ber
lon move nth
lvp move yor
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support ber
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
pie move mar
sil move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal support kie
bar move nrg
ber support kie
boh move tyr
den move nth
eas support ion
edi support bar move nrg
gal move vie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
pie support tyr
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
sil move boh
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys support rom move nap
ven support nap move rom
vie move bud
yor support edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nrg move cly
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal move den
ber support kie
boh support mun
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move ska
eas support ion
edi support nwy move nrg
hol move kie
ion hold
kie support sil move mun
lon move wal
mar move pie
mun support boh
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie support tyr
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys hold
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move den
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support boh move mun
cly move lvp
edi support nwy move nth
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
mar move pie
mun support gal move boh
nat support yor move lvp
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg support edi
nwy move nth
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh support boh move mun
sil support mun
ska support bal move den
tun support tys move ion
tyr support gal move boh
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
wal move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move eng
tys move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur move mar
cly move lvp
den move hel
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng move mid
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
lon move wal
lvp support edi move cly
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nat support edi move cly
nth support den move hel
nrg support nth
rom support ion move tys
ruh move bur
sil support boh move mun
ska support nth
stp/nc move nwy
tun move tys
tyr support mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move nth
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bur move bel
cly move lvp
eas move ion
hel support kie move hol
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
nth move lon
nrg support ska move nth
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
ser hold
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
spa move gas
tri move alb
tun support wes
tus move ven
tys move gol
ven move tri
wal move lon
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
boh support mun
bur move bel
gas support mar
hel support ska move nth
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
lvp support nat move iri
gol move wes
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh
nat move iri
nth move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
sil hold
ska move nth
spa/sc move gol
tun move tys
tus support gol
tys support ion move tun
wal move iri
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
boh move vie
bur support mar
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gas support mar
hel move nth
hol move bel
iri support lvp move wal
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support gol move wes
wal move lon
wes support spa/sc move gol
yor support lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
