PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
ion move tun
kie move hol
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move wal via convoy
ruh hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
tri move alb
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move syr
bel hold
bla move con
bre move eng
con support bul
den move ska
eng move wal
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hel
lvp move wal
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move nat
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support ank
tri move adr
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie hold
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support syr move smy
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
bul move con
bur move par
eng move nth
gre hold
hel move nth
ion move eas
lon move eng
lvp move cly
nat move mid
nwy support ska move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh support bel
ska move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
syr move smy
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ank support smy
bel move pic
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur move gas
cly move edi
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gre hold
hel move nth
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
nap support eas move ion
nwy support ska move swe
pic move par
pie move tus
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ska hold
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move ven
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bla
den move swe
eng support par move bre
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support bul
hel support ska move den
ion move adr
lvp hold
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
pie support apu move ven
por hold
pru move war
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move bar
tus support apu move ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
apu move ion
bar support stp/nc move nwy
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
den move swe
edi move cly
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre move bul
hel move nth
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mos move stp
pie support tus move ven
por move mid
sev move rum
ska support den move swe
smy support con
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ven move apu
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
apu move adr
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bul move rum
cly move lvp
gas move spa
ion support apu move adr
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move par
pie move tyr
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
ska move den
smy support con
spa move por
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support pie move tyr
vie support ven move tri
wal move lon
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
bel move eng
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
gas move bre
ion move aeg
mid move por
mos move stp
nth move bel
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
pru support war move sil
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri
ska move den
smy move con
spa support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
ser move alb
sil move ber
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber support boh move sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bul move gre
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre move bul
ion support adr move alb
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mun support pru move ber
nth move hel
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
par move bre
pru support sil move ber
rum move bud
ser support bul move gre
sil move ber
ska move den
smy support bla move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army/dislodged alb
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move kie
bul move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove fin
remove gre
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
remove ska
remove spa
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
ber support mun
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move con
cly move edi
con support ser move bul
edi move cly
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon move eng
mun support ber
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support war move sil
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move tyr
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support sil
bre move par
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move nth
edi move cly
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
gre hold
hel support ber move kie
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nat support edi move cly
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum move ser
sil support boh
spa/nc hold
swe move den
tus move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
