PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bud support adr move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move vie
gas move spa
kie move hol
lvn move bal
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev move rum
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support nwy move swe
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi support nth
hol move bel
kie support den
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move gre
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bal move pru
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gal move war
hol move bel
ion support ser move gre
kie move mun
mar hold
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie support rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move eng
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mar
con move smy
den move ska
edi move nrg
gal move rum
ion support ser move gre
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support ber
rum move bla
ser move gre
sil support ber move pru
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
vie move tri
war support pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bel support bur
ber move pru
bla move ank
bud move ser
bur support mar
con move bul/sc
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gas move spa/nc
gre hold
ion support gre
lon hold
gol hold
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar support gas move spa/nc
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru support ber
rum support bud move ser
ser support aeg move gre
sil support ber move pru
ska move swe
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
vie move tri
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support gre move ser
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
ber support sil
bla support rum move bul
bre move pic
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur hold
den move swe
edi move nrg
gre move ser
ion move adr
lon move wal
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun support sil
nwy support den move swe
pru support ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support ber
smy move ank
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
war support pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
nwy move nth
ser move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank move arm
bar support nwy
bel move bur
bla support bul
bul support rum move ser
bur move pic
con support gre move bul/sc
den move swe
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri move wal
mid hold
mar support bel move bur
mun support sil
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pru support ber
rum move ser
ser move bud
sil support ber
spa/nc support mid
swe move bot
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move yor
war support pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support ser
arm move ank
bar support nwy move nrg
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support bul move con
bul move con
bur hold
con support gre move bul/sc
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
pru move bal
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa/nc move por
swe support nth move nwy
tyr move ven
vie move bud
wal move eng
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
nrg move nat
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bal support swe move den
bar move nrg
bel move nth
bla support arm move ank
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
con support smy
eas support smy
kie move den
mar support spa/sc
mun move sil
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
por move mid
pru support ber
rum move bul
ser move bud
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support por move mid
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bul/sc
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber support kie
bla move con
bre hold
con move bul
eas support smy
gre move tun
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support den
mid support bre
mar hold
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pru move war
rum support con move bul
ser move bud
sil move war
spa/sc support mid
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support kie
bre hold
bul support rum move ser
con support bul
eas support smy
eng support yor move lon
ion move tun
kie support den
lon hold
mid move iri
mar move spa
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy support nat move nrg
pru move war
rum move ser
ser move bud
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
vie move bud
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move wal
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bal move pru
bel hold
ber move mun
bre hold
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den support bal move swe
eas move aeg
eng move iri
iri move nat
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mid support iri move nat
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nrg support stp/nc move bar
nwy move nrg
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy support eas move aeg
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy move bal
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nat move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb move tri
ank support con move smy
bal move swe
bar support stp move nwy
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla move con
bre move par
bud move ser
bul support gre
cly move edi
con move smy
den support bal move swe
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nat move mid
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
ruh move bel
smy hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
build Army kie
remove lvp
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support smy
ank support bla move con
bar move nrg
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bla move con
bul move ser
cly move nrg
con move bul/sc
gal move vie
gre move ser
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support cly move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pic hold
ser move bud
smy support bla move con
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
ank move smy
bar move nrg
bel support hol
bla move bul/ec
bud move tri
bul move ser
con support ank move smy
edi support ska move nth
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support ven move tyr
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
ruh move kie
ska move nth
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
smy move syr
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move mun
bla support bul
bul support con
bur move mar
con support smy
edi move cly
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nrg support edi move cly
nwy move nth
par move gas
pic hold
sev move arm
smy support sev move arm
stp move lvn
swe move den
syr move smy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
apu move rom
arm support con move smy
bla move con
bul support bla move con
cly support nrg move nat
con move smy
eas support syr move smy
eng support nth move lon
gal move boh
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
lon move wal
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nrg move nat
pic move bre
ruh move mun
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
syr move smy
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support con move smy
arm support con move smy
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support bul
boh support vie move tyr
bre move eng
cly move lvp
con move smy
eas support smy
eng move iri
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
lon move eng
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nat support eng move iri
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru support war move sil
rom support pie move ven
ruh support mun
swe move den
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bul move ser
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
eas support smy
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri support cly move lvp
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mun move tyr
nat support cly move lvp
pie support tyr move ven
pru support war move sil
rom support ven
ruh move mun
smy hold
spa move mar
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move wal
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
