PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support sev move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh support bur move bel
ser move bud
sev move rum
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
bla support arm
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support vie
con move ank
den support swe
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun hold
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska support nwy move swe
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel support gas move bur
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bud move ser
den support hel move nth
eng support bel
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol hold
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par support gas move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska support nth move nwy
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
mun move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move bla
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel move wal via convoy
bla move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy bel move wal
kie move ber
lon support ska move nth
lvn support ukr move mos
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move gal
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move bot
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move syr
arm move sev
bel move wal via convoy
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul support con
bur move bel
con support bla move ank
edi hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move swe
rum move sev
sil support boh move gal
smy move con
stp move nwy
tus move rom
tyr support vie move boh
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
gal move bud
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Army kie
remove lon
build Army mar
build Army sev
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support mar move bur
ber move pru
bla support sev move arm
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
con move smy
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal hold
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move swe
rom move nap
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move nwy
tyr move boh
ven move apu
vie move gal
wal support eng move lon
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
gal disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move arm
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tun
lon hold
lvp move edi
mun move ber
nat move mid
nwy move stp/nc
pru move ber
sil move mun
stp move nwy
wal move lvp
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
rum move sev
smy disband
stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove swe
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
bel move ruh
bla support sev move rum
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal support rum move ukr
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move rom
par move bur
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber support kie move mun
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move bel
con move bul
edi hold
gal support bud move rum
hol move hel
kie move mun
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support nth move hol
sev move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe move den
tun move tys
tys support gol move wes
ukr support bud move rum
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pie
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support hel move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bla
den move yor via convoy
edi move yor
gal move war
hel move kie
hol move hel
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth convoy den move yor
par move bur
ruh support par move bur
rum support ukr
ser support rum
sev support bul move rum
sil support gal move war
smy move ank
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys support wes move tun
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
ber move kie
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
con support ser move bul
den move bel via convoy
edi move yor
eng move bel
gal support war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn support pru move war
mos support pru move war
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy den move bel
nrg move edi
nwy support nth
pie support rom move ven
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
sil support war
tys move nap
ukr move mos
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
kie disband
rum move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove ion
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun move kie
bre move eng
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con move bla
den hold
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support sil move war
hel support eng move nth
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move mun
nap hold
nth move nrg
nwy support nth move nrg
par move pic
pie support ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move rum
sil move war
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
war move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move sil
hel support kie move den
kie move den
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth move ska
nrg move nat
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
England: army/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army par
remove swe
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move bre
bud support tri
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nrg
hel move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvn move stp
mos support war move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
par move gas
rum move gal
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska support nth move nwy
tyr hold
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support sil move boh
war move lvn
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move smy
bar support stp
bud support tri
gal support vie
gre hold
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mos support lvn move stp
nrg move bar
nwy support lvn move stp
ruh support mun
sil move mun
ska support nwy
stp move mos
tri hold
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
