PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move gre
smy move ank
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support ven move tri
bul support aeg move gre
edi move nth
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie move hel
mar move gol
nth move bel
nrg support nwy
pic hold
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
sev support bla move rum
smy move ank
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support pie move ven
ven move tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank hold
bel move ruh
bud move tri
bul hold
con move bla
edi move nth
eng support hel move nth
gal move bud
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol move wes
mar move pie
nth move lon
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
pic hold
rum support sev move bla
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
ven move rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove ser
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
ank hold
bel support hol move nth
bla support rum move bul/ec
bud move tri
bul hold
con support bul
edi support nrg move nth
eng support hol move nth
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
lon support nrg move nth
mid move iri
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy support hol move nth
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bul/ec
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa/sc move por
tri support rom move ven
ven support bud move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move arm
bel support nth
bla support rum move bul/ec
bre move lon
bud move tri
bul hold
con move bla
edi support lon move nth
eng convoy bre move lon
gal move bud
hel support nth
ion move gre
iri move lvp
lon move nth
mar move pie
nth support bre move lon
nrg support lon move nth
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp move lvn
tri support adr move ven
tun hold
ven move apu
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove aeg
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm
arm hold
bel support hel move nth
bla support sev move arm
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
edi hold
eng move iri
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
lon move yor
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
tri move tyr
tun move tys
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
con hold
den move swe
edi hold
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support rom move tys
iri support yor move lvp
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move tys
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
tri support vie move tyr
tun support gol move tys
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
con hold
edi hold
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
iri move eng
kie support ruh
lon move nth
lvp move yor
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
smy support ank move arm
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven support rom move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm support bla move ank
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
bla move ank
bur support mun move ruh
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
fin move stp
hol support kie
ion support tus move tys
lvn support stp/nc
gol move tus
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
arm support con move smy
bar support nwy move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bre move gas
bur move ruh
con move smy
edi hold
eng move pic
fin support nwy move stp/nc
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bel move ruh
lon move yor
lvn move stp
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move kie
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
sil move boh
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tun move tys
tus support tun move tys
tys move wes
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ion move adr
kie move den
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den support hol move kie
edi hold
fin support stp/nc
gas move spa/nc
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support nth move den
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth move den
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum move bla
smy hold
stp/nc hold
syr move smy
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
wes support ion move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bur move mar
den move kie
edi move nth
fin move stp
hol move nth
ion support nap
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support ven move rom
nth support kie move hol
nwy support hol move nth
par move pic
pic move eng
pie move ven
rom support tys move nap
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun support ion
tys move nap
ven move rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bar support fin move stp
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move stp
hel support ruh move hol
ion move nap
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support stp
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
pic move wal
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bud
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
tun support nap move tys
tys move rom
ven move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel move yor
ber move mun
bud move tri
bur support bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
kie support hel move den
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy bel move yor
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rom support tus
ruh move bel
spa/nc move por
tun move tys
tus support mar move pie
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wal move lvp
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
pie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move mun
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
den hold
edi hold
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie support den
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support lon move yor
gol support ven move pie
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move lon
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pie support adr move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
swe move den
tus support pie
tyr support bud move tri
tys support rom move tus
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move pic
bre move par
bur move mar
den move ska
edi hold
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support yor move edi
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy support stp
pie support bur move mar
rom move tys
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
tri support tyr move ven
tus move gol
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move adr
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Italy: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: fleet/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nth
mar move gas
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Italy: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bur support mar
den support ska move swe
gas move bre
gre move tun
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy pie move spa
mid support gas move bre
mar support pie move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move spa
sil move ber
ska move swe
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move naf
tus move rom
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Italy: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Italy: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
swe disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove fin
build Army mos
build Army nap
remove por
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre hold
bur move par
edi move yor
ion move tys
lvp support edi move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf support tys move wes
nap move apu
pic support bur move par
rom move nap
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
spa move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
bre move spa
gas move bre
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mid convoy bre move spa
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move edi
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
spa/sc support naf move mid
tys move gol
wes support naf move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mid disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army nap
remove nth
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
lon move nth
mid move iri
nap move apu
spa/sc move mid
tys move wes
ven move tus
wal move lon
wes move naf
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
iri convoy tun move wal
gol convoy tus move spa
mid convoy tun move wal
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pru move ber
tun move wal
tus move spa
wes convoy tun move wal
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
iri support wal move lvp
lon move wal
gol move wes
mid move eng
nap move tys
nwy move nth
ven move tus
wal move lvp
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
eng convoy nap move lon
iri move lvp
lvp move edi
mid convoy nap move lon
nap move lon
nth support nap move lon
tys convoy nap move lon
wes convoy nap move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army ven
remove wal
remove yor
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
