PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bla support bul move rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move gre
tri move alb
ukr support rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move nth
gre move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lvn move war
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move tys
ukr support rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support hol
bla support rum move bul
bul support gre
bur support pic move bel
con support bla move bul
den support hel move nth
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tys
mid move wes
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska move den
spa move mar
tri hold
tus hold
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud support gal
bul hold
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
den support hel move nth
edi move nth
gal support bud
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
gol support tys move wes
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support bul
ska move swe
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
mun move kie
nth move lon
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support bla move ank
bel support hol
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bul hold
bur support mar
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal hold
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon support edi move nth
lvn support bot move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur
nth move nwy
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support bul
swe move den
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
con support ank
den support nth move hel
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move sil
hol support bel
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
ser move bud
smy support con
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move smy
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bla move ank
bot support stp move fin
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
den move kie
fin support nwy move swe
gal move ukr
gas move spa
hel move hol
hol support bel
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid support gas move spa
mar hold
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por hold
rom hold
smy support con
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move nap
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
kie move bal
spa move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove rom
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move sev via convoy
bel move ruh
ber support bur move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move smy
edi hold
fin move stp
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie support hel move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move rom
nwy support lon move nth
par move gas
por support mar move spa
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa support mid move por
swe move fin
tri move adr
ukr hold
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla support sev
bre move mid
bul move con
edi move nth
fin move stp/sc
gal move boh
gas move mar
hol support ruh move bel
kie support hol
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support ruh
nap move rom
nth support lvp move edi
nwy support fin move stp
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sil move war
smy support bul move con
spa support gas move mar
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
edi move yor
stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove pic
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh support tyr move mun
bur move par
con support smy move ank
edi move den via convoy
hol support kie
ion support apu move nap
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support spa move por
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move den
por move mid
rum hold
sev support mos move ukr
smy move ank
spa move por
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber support ruh move mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
hol support nth move bel
ion support nap move tys
kie move bal
mid move bre
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move bel
par hold
pic move par
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev move rum
tun move tys
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove por
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support kie
ber move sil
bla convoy rum move ank
boh support vie move gal
bud support ser move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move mid
hol support bel
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvp move iri
mid move bre
nap move rom
par move gas
pic move par
rom move ven
rum move ank via convoy
ser move rum
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move bot
bla support ukr move sev
boh support bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mun
gas move spa
hol move nth
ion move tun
iri convoy wal move por
kie support mun
lon move yor
mid convoy wal move por
nwy move nrg
par move gas
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
sil support war move gal
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
wal move por via convoy
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army lon
remove mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support rum move sev
bel move pic
bla support ukr move sev
boh support vie move gal
bud support vie move gal
bur move par
con move ank
gal move boh
gas move mar
iri move mid
kie support sil move mun
gol support gas move mar
mid move naf
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom hold
rum move sev
sil move mun
spa move mar
tri move ser
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ukr move sev
vie move gal
wes move tun
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support ank
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bud move rum
gal support rum move ukr
hol move ruh
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mun support war move sil
naf support wes move tun
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
pic support mid move bre
por support spa
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move bul
smy move con
spa hold
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys support rom move nap
ukr move rum
ven move apu
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove gol
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
arm support ukr move sev
bel move ruh
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
gal support boh move sil
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ber
naf support tun
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
spa hold
tun support mid move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support sev
bel move bur
bla move con
bot move lvn
bre move mid
con move smy
gal move war
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move boh
naf support tun
nap move rom
nth move den
par move gas
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support gal move war
spa move mar
stp/sc support bot move lvn
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove mos
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support sev
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur support mun
den move bal
gal move war
gas move par
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev support war move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
tun support mid move wes
tyr move boh
tys support ion move tun
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal move bot
ber support mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support sil move mun
bul support smy move con
bur support mun
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move bre
ion support tun
lon move bre via convoy
gol support spa move mar
mos support sil move war
naf support tun
nap move rom
par move bre
ruh support mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa move mar
tun support wes move tys
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
tys move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove par
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
remove war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move ank
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move bul
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move mar
ion support tun
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nap move tys
pie support gas move mar
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move ank
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bla move ank
boh move sil
bul move con
bur support pic move par
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support boh move sil
gas move mar
ion support tun
lon move bre via convoy
mos move lvn
mun support sil
naf support tys move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
pic move par
pie support gas move mar
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil support mun
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move tun
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
