PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gas move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tus
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move alb
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
sev move bla
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tun hold
tus move ven
ven move tyr
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber support sil move mun
bla support ser move rum
bot support lvn move stp
bul support ser move rum
bur move bel
con move smy
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
eng support edi move bel
hol support nth move bel
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
tys move gol
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber hold
bla support ank move arm
bot move bal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move bel via convoy
eng move mid
hol support edi move bel
kie support mun
gol move wes
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
sil support ber
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support rom move tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support bot move swe
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre support bur move pic
bul move rum
bur move pic
den support swe
eng move mid
hol move ruh
kie move ber
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move bel
nwy support swe
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
sil move gal
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys support tun
ukr move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev
bel support ruh move bur
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move nap via convoy
bud move gal
con move bul
den move bal
eng move mid
gal support vie move bud
kie move ruh
lon move hol via convoy
mid move nat
mar support pic move bur
mos move war
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
swe move bot
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move pic
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur support pie move mar
eng move mid
gal move war
hol move yor via convoy
mar support bre move gas
mos support gal move war
nat move lvp
nth convoy hol move yor
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
pru support sil move war
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
tri support bud
tun move tys
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bla convoy con move rum
bot support bal move lvn
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur move mar
con move rum
gal move boh
mid move eng
mos move lvn
nth support mid move eng
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
pru support sil
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser support con move rum
sil support tyr move boh
stp/nc hold
tri support bud
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support war
war support mos move lvn
wes support tys move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
bot support bal move lvn
bud support boh move gal
bul support ser
bur move par
con move sev
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support war
nth move bel
pic move bre
pie support mar
pru support bal move lvn
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sil support boh
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri support bud
ukr move gal
vie support bud
war support ukr move gal
wes support gol move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber support sil
bla move con
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur support mar move gas
eng support bre
gal move bud
lon move wal
lvn support bot move stp
mar move gas
mos support war
nap move ion
pie move ven
pru move war
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move gal
vie support bud
war support ukr move gal
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
boh support sil
bre support gas move par
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move alb
lvn move bot
mos support war
nap support tun move ion
nwy move nth
pic support bre
pru move lvn
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp/sc support pru move lvn
tri support bud
tun move ion
ukr move gal
vie support bud
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bre hold
bud support boh move gal
bul/sc move gre
eng hold
gal move bud
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move nat
mos support war
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru support lvn move war
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move ukr
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ser
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support bud
war support ukr move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bur move ruh
eas move aeg
eng hold
gal support sil move war
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support sil move war
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support sil move war
sil move war
stp/sc move fin
tri move ser
tys support nap move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move tyr
bot support stp
bre move gas
bud move rum
eas move aeg
eng hold
fin move swe
gal support bud move rum
ion support eas move aeg
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support war
ruh hold
ser support ven move tri
sil move boh
stp move mos
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move hol
boh move vie
bot hold
eng support bel
gal move bud
gas move par
ion support ser move gre
kie hold
lvn support mos
mos support stp
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
pru support war
ruh hold
rum move bud
ser move gre
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
swe move den
tri support boh move vie
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move wes
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pie
build Army rom
remove tyr
build Army ven
remove vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot move stp/sc
den support swe move bal
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support rum move ukr
gre move bul
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war move mos
lvp move nat
mid move eng
mos move stp
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
par move bre
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
ven move pie
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bal move swe
bel move bur
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move gas
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
gal move boh
hel move nth
hol hold
lvn hold
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move iri
mos hold
nat hold
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
ruh support hol
sev move rum
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move bal
boh move vie
bot support lvn move stp
bre move mid
bul support gal move rum
bur support gas
con move ank
den move nth
eng support bre move mid
gal move rum
gas hold
hol support ruh move bel
iri support naf move mid
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth move lon
pic move bre
pie support mar
ruh move bel
rum move bud
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
ven move tri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support bot move swe
bel support hol
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move ank
den hold
eng support lon move nth
fin move nwy
gas move bur
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri support wes move mid
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support stp
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
spa support mid move gas
stp hold
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
ser disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove hel
build Fleet kie
remove mun
remove ska
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel hold
ber move mun
bur support nwy move bel
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
gal move war
hol support bel
kie move hel
mid move bre
mos move sev
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
pic support nwy move bel
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move ruh
den move nth
eng support bel
gas move mid
hel support den move nth
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri support gas move mid
kie move ruh
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support bel
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
war move mos
wes support gas move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support bul move con
ber move pru
boh move sil
bul move con
con move ank
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol support nth move bel
iri support mid move nat
kie move den
mid move nat
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy hold
ruh support nth move bel
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy support con move ank
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move ska
tyr move pie
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank hold
bel hold
bur support mar move gas
con move smy
den hold
gal support pru move war
hol move hel
iri support por move wal
mid convoy por move lvp
mar move gas
nat convoy por move lvp
nth support ska move edi
pie move mar
por move lvp via convoy
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
ska convoy nwy move edi
smy move ank
spa/sc support mid
tys move tun
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
England: fleet/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bel hold
ber hold
bur move par
den hold
edi move nrg
eng support lvp move iri
gal move rum
gas support mid move bre
hel move nth
iri support spa/sc move mid
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun hold
nat support spa/sc move mid
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
por move spa
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sil move pru
ska move nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
tun move wes
ven move pie
war support mos move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
iri move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support nth
ber move sil
bre move eng
con move aeg
den hold
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gas move bre
hel support nth
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon support eng move nth
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat support wal move lvp
nth support nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
par hold
pie move mar
pru move sil
ska support nth
smy move con
spa move gas
wal move lvp
war hold
wes support mid
yor support eng move nth
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
