PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
den support bot move swe
eng move bel
kie move hol
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support ank move bla
den move nth
edi move nth
gre hold
kie move hol
mar move gol
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum hold
sev move bla
spa move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den support bel move nth
edi move nth
gal hold
gre support rum move bul
hel support ska move den
hol hold
kie support den
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mun move tyr
naf move spa
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move bul
ser hold
sev hold
ska move den
stp move nwy
tys move gol
ukr support sev
war support ukr
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support den move nth
ber move kie
bla support bul
bud move vie
bur move gas
con support bul
den move nth
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
hol move ruh
kie move hol
gol move pie
mid move iri
mar support gol move pie
naf move spa
nth support hel move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
ska support hel move den
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri hold
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move nrg
pie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
bla support bul
bot move swe
bul support ukr move rum
con support bul
den move swe
gal move rum
gas support spa
gre support rum move bul
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
gol support naf move spa
mar move gol
naf move spa
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie support mar move gol
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska support nrg move nwy
swe move ska
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove ska
remove tri
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bla support bul
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move aeg
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move spa
nth support kie move den
nrg support den move nth
nwy hold
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev hold
spa move gas
swe move ska
tyr move boh
war move gal
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul/sc
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con move bul/sc
edi support nth
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
mid move wes
naf support wes move tun
nth move hol
nrg move edi
nwy hold
rom support tyr move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev hold
ska move nth
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move ska
tri move vie
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move tun
yor support nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
remove naf
remove nrg
remove tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
cly move nrg
con move bul/sc
edi support cly move nrg
gal move bud
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move hol
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth move hel
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev hold
sil hold
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
tun hold
tys support wes move tun
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support con move bul/sc
bud hold
bul/sc hold
con move bul/sc
edi support lon move nth
gas move bur
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support lon move nth
ion hold
lon move nth
mun move kie
nap support tys move rom
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy hold
rum support bud
ser support con move bul/sc
sev hold
sil hold
tun support wes move tys
tys move rom
vie move tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
remove sil
build Fleet stp/sc
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar support nth move nwy
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur move pic
con move aeg
den support hol move hel
edi move nth
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hel hold
hol move hel
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy hold
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev hold
stp/sc hold
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
den move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move alb
kie move ber
nap support tys move ion
nwy support bar move stp/nc
pic move wal
pru move war
rum move gal
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev hold
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc hold
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
remove sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla support con move bul/sc
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
eng move iri
gal support bud move vie
ion support alb move gre
mid support eng move iri
mar move gol
nap move apu
rum move sev
ser support gre
tun support ion
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
apu support ion
ber move pru
bla hold
bul/sc support gre
eas move smy
eng support bel
gal support vie
ion support alb move gre
iri support mid move nat
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move nat
nth move lon
sev move mos
sil move war
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tun support ion
tyr move vie
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Russia: fleet/dislodged nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eas
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
apu support tun move ion
ber move pru
bul/sc move aeg
eng move nth
gal support vie
ion move eas
iri move eng
kie move mun
lon move yor
mos move war
mun move boh
nat move nrg
pru move lvn
ser support gre
sev move ukr
sil support war
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
vie move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support tun move ion
apu support tun move ion
bel move bur
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
ion move eas
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mos hold
mun move boh
nth support lvp move yor
pru move lvn
ser support gre
sil support boh move gal
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
vie support tri move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
Germany: fleet/dislodged yor
ORDERS
yor disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support ion move gre
apu support tun move ion
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
den move nth
gal move ukr
hol support den move nth
ion move gre
kie move mun
lvn move mos
mun move tyr
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
pru move lvn
ser support gre
sil support war
smy move arm
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
nwy disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal support rum
ion hold
lvn move mos
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rum support mos move sev
ser support gre
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tun support ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie move tri
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
apu move ven
bel support edi move nth
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal move sil
gre support eas move ion
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
rum move bud
ser support gre
sev move mos
swe move bal
tun support ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move gre
apu move ven
arm move smy
bal move den
bel support nth move hol
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support con move aeg
gre move alb
hol move kie
lon move yor
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support apu move ven
pru move ber
ser support aeg move gre
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr move pie
tys support ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
bal move den
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur move ruh
den support hel move nth
eas move ion
fin support stp move nwy
gre support eas move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support ven
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal support nth move den
bel support bur move ruh
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den support hel move nth
eas support alb move ion
eng move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gre support alb move ion
hel move nth
hol move hel
kie support mun move ruh
gol move tus
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support ven
ser move alb
ska support nth move den
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal support den
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den support eng move nth
eas support alb move ion
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre support alb move ion
hel support swe move den
hol support eng move nth
kie support swe move den
mun move ruh
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie support ven
ska support den
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal support den
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den support nth move hel
eas support alb move ion
fin support nwy
gre support alb move ion
hel move den
hol support nth move hel
kie support hel move den
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie support ven
rom move nap
ser move alb
ska support den
swe support hel move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
bal support den
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den support hol move kie
eas move ion
fin support swe
gre support eas move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie support ven
ser support alb
ska support den
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu support ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh support mun move sil
bur move mun
den support ruh move kie
eas move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gre support eas move ion
hel support ruh move kie
ion support adr move alb
kie move ber
mun move sil
nwy move stp
pie support ven
ruh move kie
ser support alb
ska move swe
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
