PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move pic
con move bul
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move sil
ion move gre
lon move yor
lvp move edi
rom move ven
rum move sev
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla hold
bul support ser move gre
con hold
edi move nwy via convoy
nap move tys
nth move den
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil hold
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
war move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bla hold
bot move bal
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre move alb
ion move tun
nth move den
pru move ber
rum move sev
sil support pru move ber
swe move den
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ven move tri
yor move nth
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support rum move ser
bal support swe move den
ber support sil move mun
bla hold
bul support rum move ser
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support rum move ser
nap move ion
nth move hol
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move mun
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tun move wes
tyr move vie
war move gal
wes move gol
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
den support ber move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
gre support alb move ser
hol hold
gol move mar
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
tri support alb move ser
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
gal support rum
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh move vie
bul support rum
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
kie move hel
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mid support eng move bre
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tus move pie
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bla support sev
boh move vie
bul support rum
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
hel move kie
lon move wal
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri support vie
tyr support tri
ukr hold
ven support tri
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
ber move mun
bla support sev
bul support rum
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support vie
gre move ion
ion hold
kie move hel
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun move bur
pic support wal move bre
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber move kie
bla support sev
bul support rum
gal support vie
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
ion hold
mid support wal move bre
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun support sil move boh
pic support wal move bre
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move boh
ska move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie hold
wal move bre via convoy
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bul support rum
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
ion move eas
kie move hol
mid move gas
mos support ukr move sev
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic move bre
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
sil support mun
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
bla support sev
boh hold
bul support rum
bur move mun
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal move bud
gas move mid
gre move aeg
hol move bel
lon hold
mos support ukr
mun move ruh
nrg move nth
rum hold
ser support gal move bud
sev hold
sil move mun
stp/sc move bot
tri support gal move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
bel move bur
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul support rum
eas move syr
edi support wal move yor
gre move ion
ion move alb
lon support wal move yor
mid move nat
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nth move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil support ruh move mun
tri support ion move alb
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ukr support war move gal
ven support tyr
vie support boh move tyr
wal move yor
war move gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
ank move arm
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bud hold
bul support rum
bur move mar
edi hold
eng move nth
gal support bud
gre hold
lon support eng move nth
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil support bal move ber
smy hold
syr move smy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support boh move tyr
yor move wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
ber support hol move kie
bla move con
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move eas
syr move eas
tri support ven
tus move pie
tyr support bud move tri
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support sev
ber move kie
bud hold
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move ska
eng convoy wal move bre
gre support con move aeg
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move alb
sev hold
sil move gal
smy support con move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie support bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support bul move gre
arm support sev
bud hold
bul move gre
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support bud
hol support ska move nth
ion support gre
kie move hel
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos hold
nth move bel
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pie move tus
por hold
rum support sev
sev support rum
ska move nth
smy support aeg
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ven hold
vie support tri
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move ser
arm hold
bel move hol
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
con move bul
edi hold
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support alb move ser
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth move yor
nwy move nrg
por move spa
rom support tus move ven
rum support alb move ser
sev support rum
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move rom
arm support sev
bel support lon move nth
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
eas move ion
edi hold
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support nth move bel
ion move nap
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move por
mos move sev
nth move bel
nrg move cly
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven move apu
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
