PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move gre
con move aeg
edi move nwy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
mun move boh
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa support mid move por
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy
gal move rum
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
apu move adr
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh hold
bud support vie
bul support sev move rum
con move ank
edi move nwy
gal move sil
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion support apu move adr
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus via convoy
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic support bel
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul
ank move con
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support rum
boh support ber move mun
bud move ser
bul support gre
den move bal
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol move pie
naf move tun
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
pic hold
pru support kie move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support tri
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal support den move kie
bar support fin move stp
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move rum
boh move mun
bud support vie
bul support gre
con move ank
den move kie
eas move smy
fin move stp
gre support bul
ion move nap
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move sil
rum move ank via convoy
ser support tri
stp move nwy
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
remove lvn
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support smy move con
bal support den move kie
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support bud move rum
den move kie
gre support bul
lon move hol
mos hold
mun move kie
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move pru
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ven support rom
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ank move arm
bal support lvn move pru
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul support gre
con support bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gre support bul
hol support den move kie
ion convoy tun move nap
lvn move pru
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth move lon
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support ber move kie
rum hold
ser support bud
swe move den
tun move nap via convoy
tus move rom
tys support tun move nap
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support con move ank
bal support pru move ber
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support rum move ser
con move ank
den move nth
eng move nth
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move apu
kie hold
lvp move iri
mos support bla move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move lon
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser move gre
swe move den
tri move adr
tus support nap move rom
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support bud move ser
ank move bla
apu support tyr move ven
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move kie
bel support hol
ber support swe move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support gre
con support ank move bla
den move nth
eng support bre move mid
gre support bul
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie move hel
mos move sev
mun hold
rom support tyr move ven
ser hold
sev move rum
swe move kie
tri move vie
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys move ion
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu support tys move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
bel move wal via convoy
ber move mun
bla support bul
bre support eng
bul support gre
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol hold
iri support lon move eng
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mid support eng
mos move stp
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
tri support gal move bud
tus move tys
tys move ion
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
arm move sev
bla move rum
bre support eng
bud support tyr move tri
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
eng support mid
gre support bul
hel hold
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
mid support eng
mos move war
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move ank via convoy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
hol move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
bre support eng
bud move ser
bul support rum
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
gre move aeg
hol support mun move ruh
iri support nat move mid
lon support nth move eng
lvp support yor move wal
mid support eng
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nth move eng
ruh move hol
rum support bul
smy move con
tys move tun
ven support apu
vie move gal
wal move lon
wes support mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
apu move adr
arm support rum move sev
bel support hol
bre support eng
bul move ser
con move gre via convoy
eng move nth
hol support bel
ion support con move gre
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mid support eng
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
tri move bud
tun hold
ven hold
vie move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy con move alb
arm move sev
bel support hol move ruh
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support sev move rum
con move alb via convoy
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion convoy con move alb
iri support nat move mid
kie support yor move hol
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
nat move mid
nth convoy yor move hol
par move bur
pic support bre move eng
ruh support yor move hol
ser support tri
sev move rum
tri support vie move tyr
tun move naf
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move yor
war move mos
wes support mid
yor move hol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
ruh move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion
alb support gre move ser
bel support ruh
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
eng support mid move iri
gre move ser
hol support yor move bel
ion support alb
iri support lon move eng
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy yor move bel
pic support bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
tri support ser
tyr support tri
ven support pie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
yor move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
alb support ser
ank move con
bel move hol
bud support tri
bul move rum
eng move nth
hol hold
ion support alb
iri support nat move mid
kie support hol
lon support wal move eng
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth support wal move eng
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move ber
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri
wal move eng
wes support naf move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move nap
alb move tri
bel support ruh
bla move con
boh support mun move sil
bre support naf move mid
bud move ser
con move nap via convoy
eng support yor move bel
hol support yor move bel
ion convoy con move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie support sil move ber
mos hold
mun move sil
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth convoy yor move bel
pic support bel
ruh support bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move ber
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
war hold
wes support naf move mid
yor move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move smy
ber hold
bud support alb move tri
con move aeg
eng move bre
hol support yor move bel
ion move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
lon move eng
mos hold
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
smy move con
tri move alb
vie support tri
war move lvn
yor move bel
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
mid move spa/nc
tri move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move tun
bel hold
ber hold
bud move vie
con move bul
eng support bel
hol support bel
ion convoy smy move tun
iri move mid
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvn move stp
mid move gas
mos support lvn move stp
nap move tys
nth support bel
rom move ven
ser support tri
sev move mos
smy move tun via convoy
stp/nc hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bel support hol move ruh
ber move sil
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
gas support eng move bre
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lon move hol
lvn move stp
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
nth convoy lon move hol
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tys move gol
vie move gal
wal move eng
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move mar
bar move nwy
bel move pic
bre support bel move pic
bud move gal
bul move rum
eng support bel move pic
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
hol move ruh
ion convoy smy move mar
kie move bal
gol convoy smy move mar
mos hold
nth move den
por support gas move spa
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support ruh move mun
smy move mar via convoy
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys convoy smy move mar
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal move bot
bre move gas
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move bel
gol support tys move wes
mar move gas
mos move sev
pic move par
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev support war move mos
sil support ruh move mun
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
stp move fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move spa
bel move bur
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
con move spa via convoy
den move swe
fin move nwy
gal move boh
ion convoy con move spa
kie move mun
lvp move wal
gol convoy con move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support con move spa
mos move lvn
nwy support bot move stp
par support bel move bur
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc hold
stp support fin move nwy
tyr support mun
tys convoy con move spa
ukr support sev move mos
war move sil
wes support con move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
