PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bur
rom move tun via convoy
spa move mar
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
ank move con
bel move pic
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move kie
gal support bud move rum
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
par move bre
rom move tun via convoy
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy move ank
stp move fin
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move bal
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support gas move par
con move bul/sc
eng support pic move bre
fin move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
hol move nth
iri move mid
kie hold
nth move ska
par move bur
pic move bre
rum move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa move mar
swe support fin move nwy
tys convoy rom move tun
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move con
bal convoy kie move swe
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con move bul
eng convoy lon move por
gal move ukr
gre support con move bul
kie move swe via convoy
lon move por via convoy
mid convoy lon move por
mar move spa
mos move lvn
nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move nap
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
ska support kie move swe
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tyr move boh
tys move ion
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
ank move con
bal support swe
bla support sev move rum
boh move tyr
bot support fin move swe
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
gre support con move bul
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
ska support nth move nwy
spa move mar
swe support nth move nwy
tys convoy nap move tun
ukr move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
gas move mar
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nwy move swe
por move spa
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska move nth
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng hold
fin move nwy
gal move war
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth hold
pru move war
rum move sev
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move fin
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
ukr support gal move war
war support mun move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
ber move sil
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move bot
gre move ion
ion move tun
lon move wal
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bot support nwy move stp
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion move tys
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru support lvn move war
rom support tys move tus
rum move ukr
sil support lvn move war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tys move tus
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
ven move apu
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
boh support tyr move mun
bot support ber move lvn
bul move rum
eng convoy wal move tus
gal move war
ion support tun move tys
kie support mun
lon move wal
gol convoy wal move tus
mid convoy wal move tus
mos support gal move war
mun move boh
naf move tun
pie support wal move tus
pru support war
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support rom move ven
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven support wal move tus
vie move tyr
wal move tus via convoy
war move gal
wes convoy wal move tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: fleet/dislodged tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
England: army/dislodged ven
England: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
tus move rom
ven move apu
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
England: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tus move rom
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot support lvn
eng move mid
gal support war
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn hold
gol support pie
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move bur
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war
ven move rom
wal move eng
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove rum
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
apu move nap
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh support war move sil
bud hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support war move sil
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support sil move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nap support ven move rom
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support wes move tys
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move rom
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
apu move ven
bal support pru
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bud move ser
bur support bel move ruh
eng move mid
gal support war
ion support nap
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie
mos support war
naf move wes
nap support ven move rom
pie support apu move ven
pru support lvn
rom support tys move nap
sil move ber
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven move rom
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
apu support nap
bal support ber
ber support pru
boh move vie
bur support kie move mun
gal support war
ion support nap
kie move mun
lvn support pru
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mid move iri
mos support war
mun move ber
naf move mid
pie move ven
pru hold
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie move mun
ser support alb move tri
sil support mun move ber
smy move eas
stp support lvn
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven move apu
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh support sil
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal support sil
iri convoy wal move tus
lvn support stp
mid convoy wal move tus
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nap support tun move ion
pie support ven
pru support ber move sil
rom support nap
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sil support boh
stp support lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys convoy wal move tus
ukr support war
ven support pie
vie support tyr
wal move tus via convoy
war support mos
wes convoy wal move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support tri
apu move nap
bal support lvn
ber support pru
boh support vie move tyr
bur support kie move mun
eas support ion
gal support sil
ion support apu move nap
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move apu
pie support mun move tyr
pru support lvn
rom support nap move apu
ruh support kie move mun
sil hold
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tyr
war support sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet/dislodged apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
alb support tri
apu move ven
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal support sil
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nap move apu
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
rom support nap move apu
ruh support mun
sil hold
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tus support apu move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
alb support tri
apu support ven move adr
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal support war
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nap support tys move ion
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
ruh support mun
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie support tyr
war support boh move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
alb support tri
apu move ion
bal support lvn
ber support mun move sil
boh move sil
bur move mun
eas support ion
gal support war
kie support bur move mun
lvn support sil move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nap support apu move ion
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support apu move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support apu move ion
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
ion convoy mar move alb
kie move mun
lvn support war move mos
gol convoy mar move alb
mar move alb via convoy
mos move war
mun move sil
nap support ion
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support pie move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil move war
stp support war move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
tys convoy mar move alb
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie move bud
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ber move sil
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
eas move ion
gal support ukr
gre support eas move ion
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nap support ion
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom support ven
ruh support mun
sev support ukr
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion
ukr support gal
ven support alb move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
tri move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move alb
aeg move gre
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
eas move aeg
gre move alb
ion support ven move adr
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol hold
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
nap move apu
pie move tyr
rom support tus move ven
ruh support mun
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri support pie move tyr
tun support ion
tus move ven
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
alb support tri
apu support tys move ion
boh move vie
bul move con
gal support boh move vie
gre support alb
ion move alb
iri move mid
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
pru move sil
rom support ven
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
remove sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg support smy move eas
apu support tun move ion
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move ank
gal move bud
gre support alb
ion move alb
kie move mun
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
rom support ven
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil move war
smy move eas
tri support ion move alb
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu support ion
boh move vie
bud move rum
eas move smy
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion support ven move alb
gol move tus
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move boh
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser hold
sev support bud move rum
tri support ven move alb
tun support ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr support bud move rum
ven move alb via convoy
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove pie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
apu move adr
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc support gre
con support bul/sc
gre support bul/sc
ion move eas
mos support sev
nap move apu
rum support tri move ser
ser move bud
smy support con
tri move ser
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
arm support smy
boh support tyr
bud support vie
bul/sc support gre
con support bul/sc
eas move smy
gal support bud
gre support bul/sc
ion move gre
mun support tyr
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
smy support con
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support gre
ber move sil
boh support vie
bud support vie
con support bul/sc
eas support ion move aeg
edi move lvp
gal support bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap move ion
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy support con
ukr move rum
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move smy
alb move smy via convoy
apu move ion
arm support smy
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bud support vie
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
eas convoy alb move smy
gal support bud
gre support rum move bul
ion convoy alb move smy
iri convoy lvp move tun
lvp move tun via convoy
mid convoy lvp move tun
mos move sev
mun support tyr
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
tri hold
tus hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support bud
war move ukr
wes convoy lvp move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lvp
remove syr
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support con move smy
ber move sil
boh support vie
bud support vie
bul move con
con move smy
eas convoy tun move syr
gal support bud
ion convoy tun move syr
mun support tyr
rum move bul
sil move war
smy move ank
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move rum
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank hold
arm support smy move syr
bal move den
boh support tyr
bud support vie
bul support rum
con support ank
eas support syr move smy
gal support bud
iri convoy lvp move tun
kie move hol
lvp move tun via convoy
mid convoy lvp move tun
mun move ruh
rum support bul
sil move ber
smy move syr
syr move smy
vie support bud
wes convoy lvp move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet kie
build Army lvp
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
