PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
kie move den
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
pic move bel
sev move rum
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
gal support boh move vie
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun hold
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move sev
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support mar move bur
ber support mun
bul support gre move ser
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol hold
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pic move wal via convoy
rum support gal move bud
sil move boh
ska move nwy
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
bud hold
bul move rum
con support bla
eng support wal move lon
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support hol
gol support wes
mos move war
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy hold
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move wal via convoy
ber support mun
bla move sev
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support hol
gol support wes
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
rum support bla move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move boh
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move tun
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove mid
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
con move gre via convoy
eng move iri
gal support rum
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move eas
kie support hol
lon move yor
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr support arm move sev
ven move tri
vie support tyr move boh
wal support lon move yor
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
boh move sil
sev move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
boh support ven move tyr
bud support vie move gal
bul support arm move rum
bur move bel
con support bul
eas hold
gal move war
hol support kie move ruh
ion move nap
iri move nat
kie move ruh
mid move spa/sc
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pru hold
rum support sev
ser support arm move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr hold
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lvp
wes support tys move tun
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
remove eas
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
con move sev via convoy
ion move gre
lvp support yor move edi
mar move pie
mos support sev
nat move nrg
nap hold
rum support con move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move rum
war move sil
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla convoy con move sev
bul support aeg move gre
con move sev via convoy
den support kie
kie support den
lvn move war
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mid move nat
mos support sev
nap move rom
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
tun move ion
tys move rom
ukr support sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
bul support rum
con move sev via convoy
den move nth
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie move hol
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nat move nrg
nap support gre move ion
nwy move nth
par move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move gre
arm support sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
gal move bud
hol support ber move kie
ion support nap
gol support tys
mos move sev
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support bud
stp/nc move bar
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm support sev
bar move nwy
bel support par move bur
bla support sev
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support nap
kie move den
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh support par move bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
swe support bar move nwy
tys support rom move nap
ukr support gal
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bur support ruh move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
hol move kie
gol move wes
mos support ukr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move mun
sil move ber
swe support bar move nwy
tri hold
ukr support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar support swe move nwy
ber support kie move mun
bre move eng
bur move ruh
den move kie
hol support bur move ruh
kie move mun
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
par move pic
rom move nap
swe move nwy
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
arm move sev
bar support nwy
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud support ser move tri
eng move nth
hol move kie
kie move den
mar move bur
mun support kie
nth move ska
pic support mar move bur
ruh support hol move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
sev move mos
tri move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
alb support gre move ion
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ion
ion move apu
kie move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
ska support edi move nwy
smy move aeg
tri support bud move vie
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support tys move ion
arm support sev
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh move vie
cly move nwy via convoy
gre support alb
kie move den
mun support sil move ber
nth support kie move den
nrg convoy cly move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move bud
sil move ber
ska support cly move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support rom move ven
tys move ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
