PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
spa move por
ven move pie
war move gal
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support nth move hol
ber move sil
bla move con
bot move bal
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
con move smy
den move bal
edi support lon move nth
gal move vie
gas move mar
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
pru move ber
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
tun move tys
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
bot move bal
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con support bul
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support nth move hel
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun support sil
nth move hel
pie hold
pru support war move sil
rum hold
ser support gre
sil support kie move ber
smy hold
spa move naf via convoy
swe support bot move bal
tys support ion move tun
ven support pie
vie move tri
war move sil
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support den move kie
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move bud
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support lon move kie
lon move kie via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support den move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move kie
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support lon move kie
rum hold
ser support gre
sil support ber
smy move con
swe move den
tus support mar move pie
tys move ion
vie move gal
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
ber hold
bud move vie
bul support rum
con support bul
den move bal
gal move vie
gre hold
hel support nth move den
hol support kie
kie hold
gol move tys
mun support sil move ber
nth move den
nrg move nth
pie move ven
ruh support kie
rum hold
ser support gre
sil move ber
smy hold
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move rom
war support ukr move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
den move ska
gal disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove ska
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
ber move mun
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru support bal move ber
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
swe move bot
tri move bud
tun move rom via convoy
tus support tun move rom
tyr support ven
tys convoy tun move rom
ven hold
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
rum move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber hold
bla move sev
bot support swe move bal
bul move ser
con support bul
den move hel
gal move war
gre support rum move bul
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru support ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bul
ser support gre
sil move mun
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven hold
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
nap move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support stp move lvn
bot support stp move lvn
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support ion
hel move hol
ion hold
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support kie move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rom support tus move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move bla
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move pru
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bul move rum
con move bul
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos hold
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
pru support war
rom support tys move nap
ser hold
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun support gol move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
ven support nap move apu
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove ser
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support nap move ion
bal convoy swe move pru
bel move eng
ber support swe move pru
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bul move con
bur move mar
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move fin
pie support ven
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move sev
stp support lvn
swe move pru via convoy
tri support tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support nap move ion
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move eas
ank move con
apu support ion move adr
bal hold
ber hold
boh support gal move sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul move con
den hold
eng move mid
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move sil
ion move adr
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move sev
mun support pie move tyr
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rum move sev
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys support tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet/dislodged adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
mos move ukr
tyr move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move alb
alb support gre move ion
ank move con
apu support ion
bal convoy den move pru
boh move tyr
bul move con
den move pru via convoy
eas move aeg
gre move ion
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move war
gol hold
mid move wes
mos move war
mun support pru move sil
nap move alb via convoy
nth convoy lon move den
pru move sil
rum move sev
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move gal
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb support tus move gre
ank move con
apu support ion
bal convoy den move pru
bot hold
bul move rum
den move pru via convoy
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion convoy tus move gre
kie move mun
lvn support pru move war
gol move wes
mos support pru move war
mun move boh
nth hold
pie support ven
pru move war
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tus move gre via convoy
tyr move ven
tys convoy tus move gre
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
apu move ion
bal hold
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support tyr move tri
bul support tri move ser
con move ank
gre move ser
ion move gre
lon move den via convoy
lvn hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
pie move ven
pru move sil
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys support apu move ion
ukr hold
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre move ser
apu move ion
bal move swe
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tyr move tri
bul move gre
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion move gre
kie move hel
lvn move mos
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
pie move tyr
rum move sev
ser support tyr move tri
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys support apu move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu hold
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul support rum
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre support tri move ser
ion support alb move gre
lon move eng
gol hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support pie move tyr
pie move tyr
rum support bud
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
swe move ska
tri move ser
tys hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move gre
alb support ser
ank move arm
apu move nap
boh support tyr move vie
bud move ser
bul support alb move ser
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie move ven
ser support tri
sev support ukr move rum
sil hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre support bud move ser
ion move aeg
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
par move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
tri support vie move bud
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bul support gre
eas move ion
edi move naf via convoy
eng convoy edi move naf
gre support bul
ion support alb move gre
mid convoy edi move naf
mos move sev
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy edi move naf
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
wes convoy edi move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support con move bul
alb support ion move gre
bul move con
con move bul
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
lon move bel via convoy
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
sil move war
tys support nap move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bul move con
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie support mun
mos move ukr
nth support bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move ank
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con hold
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ser
ion move eas
kie support mun
gol move tys
mar move pie
par move pic
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy move eas
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
boh support mun
bul support con
con support arm move ank
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hel move hol
ion move eas
kie support mun
nth support bel
rum support bul
smy move aeg
ukr move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
England: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
