PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
edi move nwy
gal move vie
hel move den
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
con support bul
den move hel
hol move kie
lon move eng
mos move war
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
bar support nwy
bel move eng
bla hold
bul support gre
bur move bel
con support bul
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hel move den
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid support bel move eng
mun move bur
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser move gre
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove ser
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support gre move ion
bar support nwy
bel support mid move eng
ber move bal
bla support sev move rum
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support ber move bal
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
gre move ion
hol support eng move bel
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bal move swe
bar support nwy
bel hold
boh move vie
bre move wal
bul move ser
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support vie
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hol support bel
kie move ber
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth support bel
nwy hold
pic support eng
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move alb
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army smy
remove ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bot support stp
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move hel
eng support pic
gal move boh
gre support ser move alb
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth support bel move eng
nwy move stp
pic support eng
rum move bud
ser move alb
sil support gal move boh
smy hold
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
vie support gal move boh
wal move yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
apu support tys move nap
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move lon
gre move ion
hel move den
ion move adr
mun support sil
nat support yor move lvp
nth move lon
pic support bur move bel
ser support bud
sil support mun
smy hold
swe move den
tri move bud
tun hold
tyr support vie
tys move nap
vie support tri move bud
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bel move wal
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre support eng
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
eng convoy bel move wal
hel move nth
hol support nth move bel
ion support tun move tys
lvp support bel move wal
mos support bot move stp/sc
mun move bur
nat move cly
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move war
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy hold
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tyr move ven
vie move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
England: fleet/dislodged wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
tri move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy smy move apu
alb support tri
bar support fin move stp
bel move nth
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
cly move edi
eng move lon
fin move stp
hol move bel
ion convoy smy move apu
lon move eng
lvp support cly move edi
mos support stp/sc
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom support nap
sil move mun
smy move apu
stp/sc hold
tri support boh move vie
tyr support vie move tri
tys move nap
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal support eng move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
lon move yor
stp move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb hold
apu support tys move nap
bel move pic
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move pic
ion support tys move nap
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support bot move stp/sc
nap support rom
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par support wal move pic
rom support nap
ser move tri
sil move war
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom
vie move boh
wal move pic
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move den
stp move nwy
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu move rom
bel hold
boh support gal
bot support nwy move stp
bul hold
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal support mos move war
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mos move war
mun move boh
nap support apu move rom
nth move nwy
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move nap
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
tus move ven
ukr move sev
ven support apu move rom
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom disband
stp/sc disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove stp
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move pic
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
cly move nrg
con move bla
den move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support war move ukr
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion support tun
lon move nth
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
naf move wes
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
pic move wal
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
tun support nap move tys
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move hol
bla support mos move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre support wal move pic
bul support gal move rum
bur move par
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move rum
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
lon move nth
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser move tri
swe move nwy
tun support nap move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tys move tus
wal move pic
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move smy
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move con
bul move ser
con move aeg
edi hold
eng support pic move bre
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move nth
gol move mar
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nwy support mos move stp
par move gas
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sev move ukr
spa/sc support gol move mar
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tus
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move par
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move bur
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
swe move bot
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ber move kie
bre move eng
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
ion move tys
mid move gas
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
sil support mun
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
swe support edi move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh support mun
fin support stp move nwy
gas support wes move spa/sc
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ukr move war
ven support pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pic
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move mid
fin move swe
gas move mid
ion move tys
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun move bur
naf support gas move mid
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
por support gas move mid
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc support gas move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
France: fleet/dislodged swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
swe move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
bot move bal
bur support mid move gas
den hold
eas move ion
eng support pic move bel
kie support den
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mun support bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move nrg
nth support bel move hol
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support spa/sc move mid
ska move nth
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move spa
bal move den
ber support den move kie
bur move par
den move kie
eng move iri
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion convoy smy move spa
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
naf support por move mid
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por move mid
ska move nth
smy move spa via convoy
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
tys convoy smy move spa
wes convoy smy move spa
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move kie
bre support wes move mid
bur support par
den move nth
eng support nat move mid
gas support wes move mid
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid move por
mar support bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth support bel
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
swe move den
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove iri
remove nat
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bur support ruh move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
eng support bel
gas move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol move wes
mar move gas
mun support bur
naf support wes move mid
nth support bel
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par support bre move pic
pic support bel
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh move bel
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tys move gol
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move mar
bel hold
ber support kie
bre move eng
den support nwy move nth
edi move lvp
eng support nth move bel
gas move bre
hol hold
ion convoy smy move mar
kie support hol
gol convoy smy move mar
mid move nat
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pic support bre move eng
por support wes move mid
ruh move bel
smy move mar via convoy
swe move nwy
tys convoy smy move mar
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng disband
nth disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move lon
nth support lvp move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
