PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy
fin move swe
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ruh
nap move tun via convoy
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
bla support con move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
con move sev via convoy
edi move nth
gre move aeg
ion move tys
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support con move sev
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move ank
den support kie move hel
eng move lon
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move hel
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar support bur
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move tys
tys move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
sev move mos
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
arm move ank
bel support kie move hol
bla move ank
bud support rum
bul support gre move con
bur support pic
con hold
den support hel move nth
eng move wal
gre move con via convoy
hel move nth
ion move tys
iri support eng move wal
kie move hol
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy support ska move nth
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul
sev hold
ska move nth
smy support con
stp move nwy
tri hold
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bel support ruh
bla move ank
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
con hold
den move swe
gre move bul
hol move nth
iri support wal move lvp
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move edi
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bel
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
ska move den
smy support con
stp move mos
swe support ska move den
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr move war
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
remove spa
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move smy
bel move pic
bul support con
bur move gas
con support arm move smy
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move sil
iri move nat
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy support lon move nth
rom move tys
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
sev move mos
smy move con
swe move den
tun hold
vie move gal
wal move iri
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move bla
bel hold
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move par
con move smy
eas move aeg
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal support sil move war
gas move par
hel move hol
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move mos
mid move por
mar hold
mos move war
nat support iri move lvp
nth support hel move hol
nwy move nrg
pic move bre
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
smy hold
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
swe move den
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move wal
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
remove eas
remove lvn
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bel move pic
bla move ank
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move par
con move smy
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move par
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hol
mar hold
mos move ukr
nat move cly
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
boh move sil
bre hold
bul move con
bur move mun
cly support edi
con move ank
edi move yor
gal support war
gas move bre
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mos move ukr
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pic move par
pie support mar
rum move sev
sev support mos move ukr
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove bla
remove cly
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber support mun
bre move par
bul move gre
bur move pic
edi move cly
gal support war
kie move bal
lon move wal
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move ukr
sil move pru
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr move mos
vie hold
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber hold
bre support gas move par
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move nth
gal support war
gas move par
gre move alb
lon move eng
lvn move war
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun support bur
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rum support arm move sev
sev support mos
spa/nc move mid
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
boh move sil
bre support gas move par
bul move gre
cly move lvp
edi support cly move lvp
gal support ukr move war
gas support bre
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar hold
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
rum move bud
sev move mos
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move nwy
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre support gas move par
bud move gal
bur support mun
edi support lvp
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas move par
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nat support mid move iri
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move war
sil move mun
spa/nc move mid
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie hold
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
remove pic
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bud move vie
bur support par
edi move lvp
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
gas move par
hol move nth
ion move nap
lon support mid move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mun support bur
nwy move stp/nc
par support bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move ven
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bur move gas
eng move bre
fin move swe
gas support eng move bre
lon support eng
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nat move mid
nth support wal move lon
nwy support fin move swe
par move gas
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
tri move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
swe move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
