PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
boh move tyr
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nrg
hel move den
ion convoy apu move tun
lon move nth
mid move por
mun move boh
ser hold
sil support mun
spa hold
tri move ser
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
den move ska
ion convoy tun move gre
lon move hol
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ser hold
sil support boh
smy move arm
spa move gas
tri hold
tun move gre via convoy
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul support tun move gre
gas move mar
hol hold
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol support spa/sc
mid move naf
nwy hold
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tun move gre via convoy
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla convoy con move sev
bud support ven move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur support bel
con move sev
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion move tun
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar support bur
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support tys
nwy move nth
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support gre move ser
ser move gre
sev move mos
ska move den
smy move aeg
tys support ion move tun
ven move tri
wes support naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bel hold
bla support rum
bud move gal
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
hel move nth
hol hold
ion support tys move tun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie move tyr
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev move mos
tri move vie
ven move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev
bel move pic
bla convoy ank move sev
bre support wes move mid
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
edi move lon
gal move rum
gre support smy move aeg
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move hol
gol move wes
mos support gal move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser support gal move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move bre via convoy
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move lon via convoy
bla convoy con move rum
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support con move rum
con move rum
eas move aeg
edi move yor
eng move bre
gre support bul
hol move yor via convoy
ion move gre
mid move iri
mos move war
mun move boh
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par move bre
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev support con move rum
tri move alb
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
wal move pic via convoy
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove eng
remove mar
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move smy
bel hold
bla support rum
boh hold
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
hol move yor via convoy
ion move eas
iri support mid move nat
kie support hol
mid move nat
mun hold
nat move iri
nwy move swe
par move bre
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move syr
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nat move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel hold
bla support con
boh move gal
bre move lon via convoy
bud support tri move ser
bul support tri move ser
con support smy
eas move smy
eng convoy bre move lon
gal hold
gre support bul
hol move lon
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mun support boh
nat support iri move lvp
nth hold
nrg move nat
rum support gal
sev support rum
smy support con
swe hold
syr support smy
tri move ser
tyr support vie
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove wal
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support con
bel support mun move bur
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh move sil
con support smy
gal support rum
gre move ion
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move edi
nrg move nwy
par move bre
rum support gal
ser support bul
sev support rum
smy support con
swe move den
syr support smy
tyr move pie
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support con
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support rum
bre move gas
bud hold
bur move mar
cly move edi
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
hol support bel
ion move tun
nth move nwy
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move bar
pic move bel
pie support bur move mar
rum support gal
ser support bul
sev support rum
smy support con
syr support smy
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
tun move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet kie
remove lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support con
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support rum
bud hold
bul hold
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal support war move sil
gas move bur
hol support bel
kie move den
mar hold
nap move tys
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie support mar
rum support gal
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil support ber
smy support con
syr support smy
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie support bud
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move con
bel move bur
bla move sev
bud support vie move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
con move bla
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support nth move bel
gal move war
hol hold
kie move ber
mid support spa
mar move gas
mun move ber
nth move bel
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pic support nth move bel
pie support mar
pru move sil
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move war
smy support ank move con
spa hold
syr support smy
tun move naf
tys move gol
vie move gal
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
gal move boh
rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
remove sev
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support boh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eas move smy
eng convoy pic move nwy
gal support pru move war
gas support ruh move bur
hol hold
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy pic move nwy
par move gas
pic move nwy via convoy
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
mun move kie
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla support con
bul support con
bur support mun
con support bul
den move swe
gal support war
gas move spa
hol support ruh
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar support gas move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support spa/sc move mid
nth support swe move nwy
ruh support hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
war hold
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
remove por
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move iri
gal support war
hol move kie
lvn support mos move stp
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nth support bel move hol
nwy support mos move stp
par move bre
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support mun move ber
smy support bul move con
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tyr support ruh move mun
ven move tri
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
con move ank
hol move ruh
nwy move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bul via convoy
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla convoy ank move bul
bre hold
bur support sil move mun
con move smy
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support mar move bur
lvn move mos
mid move por
mar move bur
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
par support bre
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move pie
war support sev move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support smy move con
bel move bur
ber support hol move kie
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur move par
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move bul
hol move kie
lvn move mos
mid move nat
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh support hol move kie
sev move mos
smy move con
stp support fin move nwy
tyr support mun
ven move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre support iri move mid
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
con support bul/sc
eng move nth
gas support bur move par
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move mos
mar move spa
mun support pru move ber
nat move lvp
nwy hold
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr support bur move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sil move war
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
