PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move bal
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
tri move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move mid
hol support ruh move bel
lon move eng
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy move stp
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move bla
smy move con
tri hold
tun move wes
ukr support war move gal
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla hold
bud support vie move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support rum move bud
hol move bel
ion move gre
mid move por
mun move bur
rum move bud
ser move gre
ska move swe
smy move con
stp move mos
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr move mos
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal move bud
lon move eng
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
ska move swe
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move bot
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support bre
gal support rum move bud
ion move tys
mid move por
nth move hol
nwy move fin
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser move bul
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move kie
bud move gal
con move bul
eng move bel
fin support stp
gal move war
hol support eng move bel
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser move bud
spa/sc move mid
stp support fin
tri move ven
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bud support ukr move gal
bul move ser
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move ser
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move por
mos hold
mun move ruh
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie support rom move ven
por support iri move mid
rom move ven
ser move bud
spa support mid move por
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move ven
tys move wes
ukr move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support hol
ber move bal
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con hold
fin move swe
gal move war
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mos hold
nap move ion
nth support swe move den
pie move tyr
por support wes move mid
ruh move hol
ser move bud
smy hold
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move den
bel support hol
bud move rum
con move bul
den support swe
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie support bal move den
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
nth move hel
pic support ruh move bel
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
smy move con
spa move gas
swe support den
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ukr support bud move rum
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bel support lon move pic
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support hel move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support mid move bre
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move gre
lon move pic
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos hold
por move mid
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move mos
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bla move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den move bal
eng support pic move bre
gas support bre
iri move mid
kie support den move bal
mid support bre
mos hold
pic move bre
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
stp move mos
tri hold
tus move pie
ven support tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
remove vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move eng
bla move sev
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move vie
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion move adr
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
mid support bre
mos support rum move sev
nap move ion
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev move mos
stp move mos
swe move lvn
tri move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal move den
bel move nth
bla move sev
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
ion move tys
iri move mid
lvn support stp move mos
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move war
par support bre
pic move par
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tri
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
bre support mid move gas
bud move vie
den move nth
eng move mid
gas hold
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move eng
par support gas
por support gol move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev support war move mos
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri hold
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
boh move gal
bre support mid move gas
bud move vie
den move bal
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move bel
gas hold
ion move adr
iri move mid
lon move bel
lvn support stp move mos
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos move lvn
nth convoy edi move hol
par support gas
pic move par
por move spa/nc
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev support rum move arm
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support mos move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move ber
bel move bur
bla convoy con move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move sev
eng move mid
gal support vie move bud
gas support mid move spa/nc
gre move alb
hol move ruh
lon move hol
lvn move war
mid move spa/nc
mos support lvn move war
nth convoy lon move hol
par support bur move gas
pic support bel move bur
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie support rum move boh
war move sil
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move smy
bla support bul move rum
bre support mid move gas
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
eng move iri
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol move ruh
mid move gas
nth move eng
par move gas
pic move par
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support gal move vie
vie move boh
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
remove sil
remove ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move tri
ank move bla
bla convoy sev move con
bre support iri move mid
bud move vie
bur move par
con move smy
eng support iri move mid
gas move spa/nc
iri move mid
mid hold
mar support par move gas
mun move boh
par move gas
pic support bur move par
por support mid
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move con
smy move con
tri support adr move alb
tyr support tri
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army/dislodged alb
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
mid move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
boh support war move gal
bre support mid move gas
eng move mid
gas hold
mid move gas
mar support gas
mun support boh
pic move bur
por move mid
smy hold
tri hold
tyr support vie
vie hold
war move gal
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
bre support par move gas
bud move vie
bur support par move gas
con move smy
edi move nrg
eng support iri move mid
gal move vie
gas hold
gre move bul
iri move mid
lon move nth
mid hold
mar support gas
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
par move gas
pie support tyr
ser move tri
smy hold
tri move bud
tyr support vie
vie support tri move bud
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal move vie
bre support eng move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
edi support nth move nrg
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
iri support eng move mid
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
pie support tyr
rum move bud
ser move tri
smy hold
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre support mid
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move cly
gas support bur move mar
iri support mid
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mun move tyr
nrg support edi move cly
pie support tyr
por move mid
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy hold
spa support mar move gas
tri support tyr
tyr hold
vie support mun move tyr
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
tri disband
tyr disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
bre support iri move mid
cly move nat
eng support iri move mid
gas support mar
iri move mid
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move war
nrg support cly move nat
smy hold
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
