PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap support rom
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move lvn
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber move sil
bla support ukr move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den move bal
eng move bre
lvn move bot
mar move spa
nap hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move hol
sev move ank via convoy
smy move ank
tus move ven
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support rum move bul
bot move lvn
bre support pic move eng
bul/sc hold
con support bul/sc
eng move mid
gre move ser
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
pic move eng
rom move ven via convoy
rum move bul
sev move ank via convoy
smy move ank
spa hold
ven move tri via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bla hold
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
lon move eng
lvn move stp/sc
mid move por
mun move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth support lon move eng
pic move bel
rom support ven move nap
rum move sev
ser support con move bul
sev move con via convoy
spa hold
ven move tri via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move eng
bla support rum
bre support bel move eng
bur move bel
con support bul
eng move pic
gal move bud
gre move alb
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move por
nap move tys
nth move hel
par move pic
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move ank via convoy
smy move aeg
spa support mid move por
stp/sc hold
swe move den
ven move tyr via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank hold
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
bre support por move mid
bul move rum
con support bul
eng hold
gal support rum move bud
hel move hol
iri support lon move eng
kie move mun
lon move eng
nth support hel move hol
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support rum
bre support wal move eng
bud support gal move vie
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
iri support lvp move wal
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move wal
mid support wal move eng
mar hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
por move spa
rum support bud
ser hold
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
tri hold
tun move naf
tyr move vie
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla move con
bre support eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
con support ank
eng support mid move iri
gre move ion
hol support nth move bel
iri support lon move eng
kie support tyr move mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar hold
mun move kie
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy hold
pie support tyr
ruh support mun move kie
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
spa hold
stp/sc hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie support tyr move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm hold
bel support lon move eng
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
con support ank
den hold
eng move bre
gre support bul
hol move kie
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move tys
rum support bud
ser move bud
spa move gas
stp/sc hold
tri hold
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
bel move nth
bla support rum
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move bud
gas move mar
iri move nat
kie move bal
gol hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nwy move stp
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys hold
vie support tyr move tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army sev
remove ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
alb move ser
ank hold
arm move smy
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support smy move con
bre support bur move pic
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur move pic
edi hold
eng move bel
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move tus
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move fin
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/sc hold
tys move rom
vie move tri
wes move gol
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move gre
ank hold
bal move bot
bla support con
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support smy move con
con support rum move bul
edi move hol via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn move mos
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar hold
mos move war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
tri support ser
tus hold
tyr move ven
tys support rom move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bal convoy kie move pru
bla support con
bre hold
bul support ser move gre
bur hold
con hold
fin move swe
hol move kie
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mar hold
mos support war
nap move ion
nth move hol
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy support aeg move con
stp move mos
tri hold
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
bal convoy swe move ber
bar support stp
bla support bul
bre hold
bul hold
bur move mun
con support ank
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move mid
pru move sil
smy support con
stp hold
swe move ber via convoy
tri move bud
tun hold
tus hold
tys hold
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove mid
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move arm
arm move smy
bal convoy kie move pru
bar move nrg
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support bul move con
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move con
con support smy move ank
gre move bul
hol move nth
kie move pru via convoy
lvn hold
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move tyr
par move pic
pie move ven
sev move ank
sil move boh
smy move ank
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tun move tys
tys move gol
ukr support mos
war support mos
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal move kie
bla support con
boh move gal
bre move pic
bul support con
con support smy
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support war
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos support ukr
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
sev move ank
sil support pru move war
smy support sev move ank
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tyr move ven
ukr support mos
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move ruh
bla move arm
boh move vie
bre support pic
bul move rum
bur hold
con support smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvn support war move mos
gol move tus
mos move lvn
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
pic hold
pie support gol move tus
sev move mos
sil move war
smy support con
stp support war move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bal convoy kie move pru
bre move mid
bur move bel
con support arm move ank
eng hold
gal move boh
ion support tys move nap
kie move pru via convoy
lvn move war
mos move ukr
nap support tys move rom
nth support eng
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil support lvn move war
ska move den
smy support arm move ank
stp support mos
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
nap disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tri
remove tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal convoy swe move kie
bel hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
gal support boh move sil
ion move tun
lvn support pru move war
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos hold
nap hold
nth move lon
par move bre
pic support bre move eng
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support sil move mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move kie via convoy
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel hold
bla move con
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move ser
eng move iri
gal move war
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap support rom move tys
nth support ruh move bel
pic support bel
rom move tys
ruh move bel
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move arm
spa hold
stp support ukr move mos
tri move vie
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wal support lon move eng
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
bud move tri
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol move bel
iri move mid
lon move yor
lvn support war
lvp hold
gol move mar
mos hold
nat move iri
nap move apu
nth support hol move bel
par move bre
pic move eng
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support gal move ukr
sil move ber
spa hold
stp support mos
tun hold
tys hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal support lvp
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel support eng move pic
bre hold
bud move vie
bur support pic
eng move pic
iri support nat move mid
lvn support war
lvp support wal
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth support bel
pic hold
pie support spa move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move mar
stp support mos
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support sil move war
vie move tri
wal support lvp
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
mar disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur hold
edi move hol via convoy
ion hold
iri move nat
lon support pic move eng
lvn support war
lvp move nat
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
mun support bur
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
pic move eng
pie move ven
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev support ukr
sil hold
stp support mos
ukr support rum move gal
vie move tri
wal support pic move eng
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move bal
bre move gas
bur support bel move pic
eng support bel move pic
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move nat
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move sil
nth support eng
par support mar move bur
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil support ukr move war
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tri hold
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal convoy kie move pru
bel support pic move bur
bud support gal
eng move iri
gal support sil move war
ion hold
kie move pru via convoy
lon move eng
lvn support war
lvp move cly
mos support war
mun support bel move bur
nth support lon move eng
pic move bur
sev support ukr
sil move war
stp support mos
ukr support sil move war
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move ber
bel move pic
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur move mar
cly move nat
eng support lvp move iri
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tun
iri hold
lon support eng
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid support iri
mos support war
mun support pru move sil
nth support eng
par support bre move pic
pru move sil
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri hold
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr support gal move war
ven support tri
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre support iri move eng
bud support boh move vie
bur move pic
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
ion hold
iri move eng
lon move wal
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mid support iri move eng
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nat support lvp move iri
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
par support pic
pic support iri move eng
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
stp support mos
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tri
vie support mun move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
England: army/dislodged vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
ion move tys
vie move tyr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bel support bur
boh move tyr
bre support mid
bud support vie
bur support bel
eng move bel
gal support vie
ion move gre
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth support bel
par support mar move bur
pic support eng move bel
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie support gal
wal support lon move eng
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
England: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move ruh
bre support mid move eng
bud move tri
bur support pic
eng support nat move mid
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hol move bel
iri support nat move mid
lvn move war
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr move boh
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
par support bur
pic support mid move eng
rom hold
rum move ser
sev support ukr
sil support war move gal
stp support mos
tri move alb
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal support eng
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
gal move rum
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel hold
boh support gal move vie
bre support eng move mid
bur move bel
eng move mid
gal move vie
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lon support wal move eng
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth support bel
par support bur
pic support bur move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support bel
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
wal move eng
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
boh support vie
bre hold
bud hold
bur support pic
con move bla
eng move bre
gal move bud
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nth support bel
par support bur
pic hold
pie support ven
por support iri move mid
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev hold
smy hold
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
bla support con move ank
boh move gal
bre support pic
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support pic
con move ank
eng support nat move mid
lon support eng
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth support bel
par support bur
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum support sev
sev hold
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
tri hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
