PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move vie
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bre
ruh support wal move bel
ser move gre
smy move con
ukr support rum
wal move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bel move pic
bot move swe
bud move gal
edi move nth
eng support bel move pic
gre move ser
ion move aeg
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move war
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support bul
ser move tri
stp move fin
ukr move gal
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank move bla
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
eng support pic move bre
fin move stp
iri move mid
mid move nat
nth move bel
nwy hold
pic move bre
ser move tri
smy move con
spa move gas
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre move par
bur move bel
eng move bel
gas move par
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
nth support nwy
nwy support swe move den
rum support gal
sil support boh move mun
stp move mos
swe move den
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre hold
bur move bel
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas move par
lvp hold
mos move ukr
mun support sil move ber
nat move cly
nth support swe move den
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
sil move ber
swe move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet sev
remove spa/sc
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bre move par
bud move vie
bur move bel
cly move nrg
den move swe
edi support lvp move cly
eng move bel
lvp move cly
mun support ber move kie
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
par move bre
por move spa/sc
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support edi move hol
bla move ank
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move mar
cly move edi
edi move hol
ion convoy tun move nap
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move gas
rum move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
ukr move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bre move par
bud move ser
bur move gas
edi move bel
gas move mar
gre hold
hol support edi move bel
ion convoy tun move nap
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy hold
rum support bla move bul
spa/sc hold
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tun move nap via convoy
tyr support tri move ven
vie support tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move bur
bul/ec support ank move con
eng move bre
gas move spa
gre hold
hol hold
ion move adr
iri move mid
mar support gas move spa
mun support boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bre
ser support gre
spa/sc hold
swe support den
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nap
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom
boh support mun
bul/ec move aeg
bur support par move gas
con support bul/ec move aeg
eng convoy lon move por
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move aeg
lon move por
mid convoy lon move por
mar support spa
mos move ukr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move gas
pie move tus
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr support ven
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm support con move smy
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
eng move nth
gas move mar
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
gol support gas move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
nth move nrg
nwy hold
por support mid move spa
rom support adr move ven
rum move bul
spa support mar
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tus move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber support kie
boh move vie
bud move tri
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move nrg
gal support rum move bud
hol support ruh
lon move yor
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move bur
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
por move spa
ruh support mar move bur
rum move bud
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe support den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
rom move nap
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ser
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support kie
fin support stp/sc
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion support nap
gol move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri move vie
tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
yor move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
build Army mos
build Army sev
remove tyr
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
bar support nrg move nwy
ber support mun
bud move tri
bur support ruh
den support kie
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gal move boh
gre support rum move ser
hol move kie
ion support rom move nap
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
mun support kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ser
sev move rum
swe support fin move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tys support wes move tun
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move apu
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
alb support ven move tri
apu support rom move nap
bar move nwy
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie support den
mun support kie
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support tri
ska move den
stp/sc support fin move nwy
swe support den
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri
yor move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
