PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
smy move con
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
ion move gre
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie support rom move ven
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move gre
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move arm
bel support lon move hol
ber move mun
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
den move swe
edi hold
ion move tun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support rom move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
tri move ven
ukr move rum
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud support ukr move rum
bul support aeg move gre
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move gol
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support bur move ruh
bla support gal move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support gal move rum
bur move ruh
den support ruh move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol move kie
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
tun move ion
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move nth
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus via convoy
mos move sev
nth move den
nwy hold
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
stp/sc hold
swe support nth move den
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven support mar move tus
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove ber
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove mos
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre support con move aeg
hel move hol
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol move mar
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie support ven
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support apu move ven
tus move rom
tyr support kie move mun
tys support naf move tun
ukr support gal move rum
ven support rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support den move kie
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar support tus move pie
nap support rom
nth move den
nwy support fin move stp
pie support ven
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
swe hold
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr support kie move mun
tys support apu move nap
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bla move arm
bre move mid
bud support ukr move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos hold
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move ber
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
iri move eng
kie support bal move ber
gol move tus
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev move arm
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys support tun move ion
ven support rom
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove pru
remove rom
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support ion move nap
boh move sil
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move den
pie move tyr
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support adr move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu move adr
bal move lvn
ber move bal
bud support ser move tri
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
pie move tyr
rom support tys move nap
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support lvn move war
stp hold
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support adr move tri
vie hold
wal hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support ion move adr
bal move lvn
ber move bal
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move sil
par move bur
rom support nap
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tun support wes move tys
ukr move war
ven support adr move tri
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
mos move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move gre
alb support tys move ion
apu move ven
bel move bur
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
gal move war
mid move wes
mos hold
nap support tys move ion
pie support ven
pru move war
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
gre support aeg move ion
ion move apu
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move den
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move bul/ec
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move eas
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
alb move adr
bal move bot
boh support mun move tyr
bul/ec move con
den move bal
eas move ion
gal support war move ukr
gre support eas move ion
hol move nth
ion move apu
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth move den
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move bot
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
den move bal
gal move rum
ion move adr
lvn support stp move mos
mos move sev
nap move apu
stp move mos
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move tri
ank move con
apu support tri move ven
bal hold
ber hold
boh support gal move vie
bot hold
bud support vie
con move aeg
eas move ion
gal move vie
gre support eas move ion
ion move adr
kie hold
lvn hold
mos support sev
nap move apu
pru hold
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tus support ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move mid
gal support boh move vie
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move ser
sev move rum
tun support nap move ion
tus move ven
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal move den
ber move pru
bur move mun
gal move bud
ion move gre
mid move wes
nap support ven move apu
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move bal
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
stp/sc move lvn
tri support pie move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move apu
vie support gal move bud
wal hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion move adr
bre move mid
gre move aeg
ion move adr
lvn move stp/sc
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
par move bur
pru move lvn
stp move mos
tun move ion
ukr move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bul move con
ion move eas
mid move wes
nap move ion
rum move sev
ser hold
sev move arm
tys support nap move ion
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move ank
bul move con
eas move smy
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
sev move arm
tys support alb move ion
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm support ank
bul hold
smy support aeg move con
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
ORDERS
