PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
hol hold
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support ank move arm
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
den support nwy move swe
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum support bud move gal
ser hold
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
tun move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
bar support nth move nwy
bel support ruh move bur
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
con move bul
den support swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move war
hol support bel
ion move gre
mid move bre
mar support par move bur
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
swe support nth move nwy
tri support ser
tyr hold
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support pie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move con
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move war
gre move ion
hol support bel
lon move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy support bar move stp
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre support pic
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul/sc
eng move nth
fin support mos move stp
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move mun
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move hel
nwy support stp/nc
pic support mar move bur
pie support ven
por move mid
pru support mun move sil
rum move gal
ser move gre
sev move mos
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre support pic
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur move par
con move aeg
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
hel support den move kie
hol support mun move kie
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par hold
pic support bur move par
pie support ven
pru move ber
rum move bud
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support pie
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support hol
ber move kie
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc support smy move gre
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
gas support pie move mar
hel support nth move hol
hol support ber move kie
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support nth move hol
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
sil support mun
smy move gre via convoy
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
ven support adr move tri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
ank move con
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move ser
hel support den move kie
hol support lon move bel
ion hold
kie support sil move ber
lon move bel
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support kie
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel hold
ber support mun
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
eas support aeg move ion
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion hold
kie support bal move ber
mar hold
mun support ber
por hold
pru support war move sil
ruh move bel
ser move tri
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move gre
bal support kie
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
eas support smy move aeg
edi move den
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move alb
hol support lon move bel
ion hold
kie support pru move ber
lon move bel
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move den
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser support gre move alb
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move bur
ber support ruh move mun
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den move lvn
eas support aeg move ion
eng support iri move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support ruh move mun
mun hold
nth hold
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tys support ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
mun disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support ion move adr
bal support kie move ber
bel move pic
ber move pru
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support bel move pic
gal move ukr
gre support eas move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn move mos
mid support por move spa
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu move adr
bal support ber
ber hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move apu
mid support eng move bre
mos hold
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move eng
pic support eng move bre
pru move lvn
ser support tri
sev move mos
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move tys
tyr support ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war support pru move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
alb support ven move adr
apu support tri move ven
bal move pru
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bre move mid
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion support apu
kie hold
lon move bel
lvn support war move pru
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun support boh move sil
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move tri
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
eng move bre
gre support adr move ion
ion move nap
kie support sil move mun
lvn support ukr move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support stp
pru move ber
rom support nap
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
wes move tys
yor move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu
alb support ion
apu support tri move ven
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion support tun
kie support sil move mun
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mid move wes
mos support lvn
nap support rom
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support sil move mun
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven move tus
war support gal move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
eng hold
gre support adr move ion
ion move nap
kie support mun
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap support rom move apu
nwy support stp
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol move tus
ven move rom
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb support ion
apu move nap
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
lon move bre
lvn support pru
gol support pie
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos support lvn
nap support tun move ion
nwy support stp
pie support rom move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp hold
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support nap
ven support rom
war move sil
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support gre move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bre move par
bur support bre move par
eng hold
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support mun
gol support pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy support stp
pie support ven
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support naf move tun
ven hold
war support pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
