PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
apu support ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support sev move rum
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move ven
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con support bla
edi move nth
gal move rum
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lon hold
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
rum move sev
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support mun move boh
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev move bla
bla support ser move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol support bel
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev move bla
ska move swe
stp/nc move bar
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla move con
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
bla support ser move bul
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
con support ank
den move swe
eng move iri
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move nap
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bar support swe move nwy
bel support par move bur
bla support arm move ank
boh support vie
bud move gal
bul support alb move gre
con support ank
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move nth
iri move mid
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum support bul
stp/nc support swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove pic
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
bla move con
boh support tyr move vie
bul support bla move con
bur support gas move mar
con support ank
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
lon move eng
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support hol move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
rum support gal move bud
ser support ion move gre
spa/nc hold
stp/nc support bar move nwy
swe move den
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
gre move alb
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul support alb move gre
bur move pic
con support arm move ank
den move kie
eng support bel
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
lon move nth
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
smy support ank move con
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove mid
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
bla move con
boh move gal
bul support alb move gre
con support gre move bul
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun support pie move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move fin
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
smy support con
spa/nc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bar move nwy
bel hold
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
den move bal
eng support bel
fin support lon move nwy
gal move war
gre support bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move gre
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
smy support con
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp/nc support bar move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support ser move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
mid move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move bot
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre support pic move par
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move pic
eng move bel
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas support bur move par
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion support tri move alb
iri move lvp
mid hold
mos support stp/nc
nap move apu
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
pic move par
rum support bud
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc support bar move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support ion
bel move hol
boh move sil
bot support fin move stp
bre support par
bud move tri
eng support mid move bre
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas support pic move par
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie support bel move hol
mid move bre
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
par support bre
pic move par
por hold
ser support bud move tri
smy move con
tri move ser
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
par move bur
tri move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army lon
remove lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
apu move adr
bar move nwy
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support ber move sil
bot support stp
bre hold
bud move ser
con move smy
eng move bel
gas support bre
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mos hold
mun support kie move ruh
nap support ion
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support sil move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser support tri move bud
sil move mun
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
sil move war
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
boh move gal
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bur move ruh
con support aeg move bul
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support bur move ruh
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mos support bar move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil support gal move war
smy hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri support gre move ser
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
bar support mos move stp
bel move bur
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move gre
con support rum move bul
eng support hol move bel
gal support vie move bud
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri support bre move mid
kie move ber
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support adr move ion
nwy support stp
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sil support kie move ber
smy support con
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ser
ven hold
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bal move lvn
bel hold
ber move pru
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
eng support bel
gal move rum
ion move gre
iri move mid
lvp hold
mid move bre
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nwy support stp
pic move par
pru move war
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support nwy
tri support ser move bud
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel hold
bul support sev move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move iri
ion convoy nap move gre
lon move eng
lvn move bal
lvp move wal
mos move sev
nap move gre via convoy
nwy support stp
par move bre
pru move ber
ruh support sil move mun
rum support mos move sev
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp support nwy
tri move ser
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
bel support wal move pic
ber move sil
bre hold
bud support tyr move vie
bul support rum
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support vie move bud
gas move mar
gre hold
ion support gre
iri move nat
gol support gas move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nwy support stp
par move bre
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser support bud
stp support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move par
con move bla
eng hold
gal move vie
gre support ser
ion move tys
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid support bre
mar move bur
nat support lvp move iri
nrg support nat
nwy support stp
par move bre
pic support par move bre
rom move tus
rum support ser move bud
ser hold
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
stp support nwy
tri support vie
tyr support gal move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support pic
bla move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move par
con move bla
eng support iri
gal move vie
gre support ser
iri support eng
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mar support tus move pie
mun move tyr
nat support iri
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pic support bel
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev hold
stp move mos
tri support vie
tus move pie
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army kie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel support pic
bla support rum move sev
boh support tyr
bre support wes move mid
bud support vie
bul move rum
eng support iri
gal support ukr move rum
iri support eng
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nwy move nth
par support pic move bre
pic support bel
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support pic
bla support bul move rum
boh support ruh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move gas
eng support pic move bre
gal move rum
gas support mar move bur
iri support nat
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
nat support iri
nth move edi
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh move mun
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support sev
bel move bur
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move mun
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move alb
iri support eng move mid
lon move nth
mid hold
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nat support eng move mid
nth move den
nwy move ska
par move gas
pie move tus
por support mid
ruh move bur
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev support rum
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud support gal
bur move mun
den hold
eng move mid
gal support rum move ukr
ion move nap
iri support eng move mid
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat support eng move mid
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par support ruh move bur
por support mid
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
ska hold
tus move rom
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support war move gal
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move ruh
bla move bul/ec
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur support boh move mun
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move war
hel move den
iri support eng move mid
kie support boh move mun
mid hold
mar move bur
mos support war
mun hold
nat support eng move mid
nap move tys
nth support hel move den
par move gas
por support mid
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
ska support hel move den
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
mos move stp
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bla move rum
boh support bur move mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
den hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move boh
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos support rum move ukr
mun hold
nat support iri move mid
nth hold
par move gas
pie move mar
por support mid
ruh support bur
rum move ukr
sev support mos
ska move swe
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
den move bal
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
iri move mid
kie support sil move ber
lon move eng
mid hold
mar support mun move bur
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nat support iri move mid
nth move nwy
par support bre move gas
pie support mar
por support mid
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp hold
swe support den move bal
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie support boh
wes support mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bur move pic
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bla move rum
boh move sil
bot convoy lvn move fin
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
gal support boh move sil
kie move mun
lvn move fin via convoy
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun support bur move ruh
naf support mid
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
por support mid
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army sev
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mun move ruh
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn move stp
bre move mid
bur move mun
eng support bre move mid
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gas move spa
iri support bre move mid
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid support spa move gas
mar support spa move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf support mid
nat support bre move mid
pie support mar
por support mid
ruh move bel
rum move bla
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa move gas
stp hold
swe move bot
tyr move mun
war support sev move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
eng support bre move mid
fin move nwy
gas support mar move bur
iri support bre move mid
kie support bur move ruh
mid support gas
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ber
naf support mid
nat support bre move mid
nwy support swe
par hold
pie move tyr
por support mid
ruh move hol
sil support mun move ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
ukr support war
war support mos move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
remove pru
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy sev move bul
bot convoy stp move swe
bre move mid
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng support bre move mid
gal move bud
gas support bur move par
hol hold
iri support bre move mid
kie move den
lvn support war
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun move kie
naf support mid
nat support bre move mid
nap move ion
nwy support stp move swe
par move gas
por support mid
rom move ven
sev move bul via convoy
stp move swe via convoy
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support kie
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support aeg move gre
eng support bre move mid
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion move gre
iri support bre move mid
kie support swe move den
lvn move pru
mid move eng
naf move mid
nat support bre move mid
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
por support naf move mid
rum support ukr move gal
sil support vie move gal
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support lvn move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move spa/nc
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
