PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul hold
con move aeg
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move sev
spa hold
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
con hold
gal support rum move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support bla move sev
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move bud
sev support bud move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri move ser
tys move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move swe
bel support hol
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
hol support bel
ion support bul move gre
iri move mid
mar support pic move bur
mos move ukr
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move ven
por hold
rum support mos move ukr
sev support rum
sil move war
swe hold
tun move spa
tys move nap
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bot hold
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
ion move adr
mun move bur
nap support rom move tys
par support mun move bur
rom move tys
rum move bud
sil move war
spa hold
swe move bal
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bal move bot
bel move hol
bot move swe
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support par move gas
gal support ukr move war
gre move alb
par move gas
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move war
spa move por
swe hold
tri move bud
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bal support pru move lvn
bot move bal
bud support vie move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
gal support ukr move war
gas support bur move mar
hol move bel
ion hold
gol move tys
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move pru
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support gre move ion
bel move pic
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bul move ser
gal support war
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move adr
lvn move war
mar support gas move spa
nap support ion
pru support lvn move war
rom support ven
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move gal
spa hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bal move den
ber move bal
bud support gal
bul move ser
gal support mos move war
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol move mar
mar hold
mos move war
mun hold
nap support rom
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ser move tri
sil support war
spa move por
stp/sc move lvn
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bal move swe
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
den support hol move nth
fin move stp
gal support mos move war
hol move nth
ion hold
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos move war
mun support sil
nap hold
pic move eng
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ser move tri
sil support mun
stp/sc hold
tun hold
tyr support bud move vie
ven support rom
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
boh move mun
den move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gal move sil
ion move nap
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun support sil
nth move edi
pic hold
por move spa
pru support sil
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp/sc support mos move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
boh support gal move sil
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas support pic move bre
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
lvn support war move pru
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth move lon
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom support nap
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ven move rom
ukr move mos
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pie
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
gas move bur
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nwy move swe
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move apu
tun move wes
tyr support ber move mun
tys move gol
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
fin move swe
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
nwy support fin move swe
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
ven support apu move rom
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
bot support stp move fin
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move bal
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nwy support swe
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
fin support stp move nwy
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf support tys move wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support ber
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move ber
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
fin support stp move nwy
gas move mar
kie support mun move ber
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
nwy hold
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
fin support stp move nwy
gas move mar
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nap move tys
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber support mun
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur support mun
fin move swe
gal move boh
gas support bur
kie support ber
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar move spa
naf move mid
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support sil move mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe move lvn
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
tys hold
ven support tyr
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
ber support kie move mun
boh move gal
bot support nwy move swe
bre move mid
bur support kie move mun
gas move mar
hol support bal move kie
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
mun support ruh move kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move kie
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move eng
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ber move kie
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri support mid move eng
kie support bal move ber
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil move ber
swe move lvn
tri move ven
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel support mun move bur
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move bel
den support kie
eng support gas move bre
gal move boh
gas move bre
hol support bur move bel
iri move lvp
kie support den
lvn move swe
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move bre
mar support spa move gas
mun move bur
nth support bur move bel
par move gas
pie support mar
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support nwy move swe
bre support gas move par
bur move par
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng move lon
gas move par
hol support bel move ruh
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move lvn
nth move lon
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic support bur move par
pie move spa
pru move ber
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr hold
ven move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move bal
bre support bur move par
bul move rum
bur move par
cly move edi
eng move lon
gas support bur move par
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun move ruh
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic support bur move par
pie support mar
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sev move rum
swe support bot move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
