PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move ank
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move bul
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm move bla
arm move bla
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support gal move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move par
con support bul
den hold
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
ser support bud move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move swe
bel move bur
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den support bal move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun hold
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move ven
por move mid
ser support tri
sev support gal move rum
swe hold
tri move tyr
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
vie support tri move tyr
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
tyr move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla move rum
boh support ven move tyr
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den support swe
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie move hel
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support pic move bel
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
pic move bel
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
ser support bud move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move mos
swe hold
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
den support swe
eng support bel
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move adr
mid support par move bre
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move ven
ruh move bur
ser support gre
sev hold
spa/sc support mid
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
mun move ruh
nth move edi
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bel move lon via convoy
bla move rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den move yor via convoy
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth
mid move nat
mar hold
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy den move yor
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev support bla move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
bel support edi move nth
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move vie
bul hold
con support bul
edi move nth
eng move iri
hol support nth
lon hold
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support gre
sev support rum
swe support nth move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nth move nrg
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel support nth move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
eng support yor move lon
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nrg support yor move edi
nwy support bot move swe
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tyr support tri
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
swe move den
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ven via convoy
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur support ruh move bel
con support bul
den support hol move kie
edi hold
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol move kie
mid move por
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nth
nwy hold
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support gre
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr support alb move ven
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove lon
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move pic
ber support tyr move mun
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move pic
con support rum move bul
den move kie
edi hold
eng move mid
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion support tun move tys
lvp move iri
mid support por move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support hol
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bre
por move spa/nc
rom move nap
rum move bul/ec
ser support gre
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support gre
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
eng move lon
gre support alb
hol support kie
ion support tys move nap
iri support bre move mid
kie hold
mid move spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move den
pic support bel
por support mid move spa
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev support bul move rum
spa hold
stp hold
swe move den
tys move nap
vie support boh move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
spa move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army con
remove edi
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support gre
bal support pru move ber
ber support kie
bla support con move bul
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bul
gre support alb
hol support nth move hel
ion hold
iri move eng
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
por support spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc support por
stp move nwy
tyr move ven
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bal support hel move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support bul
bud support ser
bul support ion move gre
bur move mun
eng move mid
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support swe move den
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun support kie
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
por support spa/sc
rom move nap
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move war
spa/sc support por
swe move den
tri support bud
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven support rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support gre
bal support hel move den
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move mun
den hold
gal hold
gre support alb
hel move den
ion hold
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth move edi
nrg move cly
por support spa/sc move mid
rom move apu
rum support gal
ser support bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys move nap
ven move rom
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move nth
mid move bre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den support bal move swe
edi hold
gal move bud
gre support alb
ion support nap
kie support ber
mid move iri
mos move lvn
mun support kie
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy support swe
por move spa/sc
rom support apu move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
sev support rum
spa hold
swe hold
vie move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
ser move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove por
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support alb move ser
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
ion move alb
iri hold
kie support swe move den
lvn move mos
mid support bre move eng
mun move boh
nap hold
nwy move ska
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support alb move ser
ukr move gal
war support lvn move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move ber
bla move con
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng support nth move lon
gal move vie
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri hold
mid move wes
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move lon
por hold
rom support ion move nap
rum support ukr move gal
ser support tri move alb
sev support rum
ska move nwy
tri support ser
ukr move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
nap move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove gal
remove iri
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move adr
boh move vie
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
eng move iri
gre support alb
hol support bur move ruh
kie support mun
lon move yor
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie
nwy move nth
par move bur
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
sev support rum
swe move bal
tun support wes move tys
war move pru
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bal support pru move ber
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi support nth
eng move bel
gre move ion
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie support nth move hol
gol convoy spa move tus
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move rum
spa move tus
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
tri disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove kie
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal support den move kie
bel move nth
ber support den move kie
bud move tri
den move kie
gre support aeg move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
iri move lvp
lon support bel move nth
gol move pie
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hol
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser hold
sev support rum
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support bud move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bal move den
ber support kie
bud move tri
eas support ion
edi hold
gre support ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion support adr
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move nth
gol move tys
mun move ber
nap support gol move tys
nth move den
nrg support edi
nwy move nth
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support bud move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bal move den
ber support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
eas support ion
edi support nrg move nth
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon support nth
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth support kie move den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nth move hel
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move den
ber move kie
bud hold
bur move mun
eas support ion
edi support nth
eng move bel
gal move bud
gre support ion
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion hold
iri move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp hold
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy support nth
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel move nth
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move gal
con move bul
den hold
eas support ion
gre support ion
hel move den
hol support kie
ion hold
iri move eng
kie support hel move den
lon support bel move nth
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth support den
nwy move ska
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
nth move nwy
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
ber move kie
bul move rum
den support kie
eas move ion
edi support nwy move nth
eng move iri
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support den
lon support nth
lvp move iri
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth support den
nwy move nth
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr support rom move ven
tys move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
kie move hol
ven move tus
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move kie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den support nwy move nth
eas support ion
edi support nwy move nth
eng hold
gal support ser move bud
gre support ion
hol support bal move kie
ion hold
kie support mun
lvp move iri
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth move den
nwy move nth
pie support ven
ruh support bal move kie
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move swe
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ber support den move kie
bla move sev
bud support gal move vie
bur move bel
den move kie
eas support ion
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre support ion
hol support kie
ion hold
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun support den move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support kie
rum support bud
sev move ukr
stp move mos
swe move den
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support boh move mun
den hold
eas support ion
eng move bel
gre support ion
hol support kie
ion hold
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move nth
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth support yor move lon
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sev move ukr
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud support vie
bur move mun
den support bal move kie
eas support ion
gal move boh
gre support ion
hol support kie
ion hold
iri move mid
kie hold
lon hold
mos move war
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth support yor move lon
pie support tyr move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
France: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
lon move eng
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army con
remove hel
build Army stp
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud support tri
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eas support ion
eng support bre move mid
gre support ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move hel
lon move eng
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth move bel
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move bel
sev support ukr
sil support mun
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr hold
ven hold
vie support boh move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support ukr move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
eas support ion
eng support bre move mid
gre support ion
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support mos
mos hold
mun move bur
nap support tys move ion
nth support lon move eng
pie hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army stp
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel support hol
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support bel
den move nth
eas support ion
eng support nth move bel
gal move boh
gre support ion
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lvn support war
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth move bel
pie move ven
rum move gal
sev hold
sil move boh
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support ruh move hol
boh support war move gal
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support bel
den move kie
eas support ion
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
gre support ion
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion support apu move nap
iri move mid
lvn move pru
mos hold
mun support den move kie
nap support tun move ion
nth support hol move bel
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support nap
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Army mar
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support hol
boh move mun
bre support spa/sc move mid
bur move mun
con move ank
eas support ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ion
hol support bel
ion support apu move nap
iri support eng move mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn support pru move war
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth support kie move hol
pie move tus
pru move war
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys move rom
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support sil
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ion
bel hold
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bre support spa/sc move mid
bur move mun
eas support apu move ion
eng support nth move lon
gal move rum
gre support apu move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mos move sev
mun hold
nap support rom
nth move lon
pie support tus
rom support nap
rum support vie move bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support mun
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet stp/nc
remove yor
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support pru move sil
bre support mid
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
eas support ion
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid support tun move wes
mos support gal move ukr
mun hold
nap support rom
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus support rom
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven hold
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support sil move mun
boh move gal
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support bel
eas hold
eng support nth move bel
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid support wes
mos hold
mun hold
nap support rom
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
pie support tus move ven
rom support nap
rum support sev
sev hold
sil move mun
tri support ven
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tyr support mun
ukr support boh move gal
ven hold
vie move boh
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tus
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud hold
bur support bel
con move bul
eas support ion
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion support tys
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid support bre move eng
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support kie move hol
nrg move nat
pie hold
rom move tys
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev support rum
sil support ber move mun
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
war hold
wes support rom move tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre support mid
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur support bel
eas support ion
eng move bre
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion support tys move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
mid support bre
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move mid
nap support rom
nth support kie move hol
pie hold
rom support nap
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move boh
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr
vie hold
war move sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army mos
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support bel
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move rum
hol support mun move kie
ion support apu move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie support nth move hol
mid support bre
mos move ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nap support rom move tys
nth move hol
pie hold
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil support ber move mun
tun support ion
tyr support mun
tys support apu move nap
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move boh
wes support mid
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bre support mid
bud move gal
bur support bel
eng move bre
gal move rum
hol support mun move kie
ion support tun
iri support nat move mid
kie support nth move hol
mid support bre
mun hold
nat move mid
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
pie hold
rom move tys
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil support ber move mun
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie move boh
wes support rom move tys
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
rum move ser
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army war
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support ser move rum
boh support ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support bel
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid move gas
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nap support tys move rom
nth support kie move hol
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move mid
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
sev move arm
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support boh move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bre support mid
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur support bel
eng support gas move bre
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid support bre
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support kie move hol
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
mun move ruh
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pie
build Army stp
remove tus
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla move sev
bre support iri move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
eng support nth move bel
gal support rum move ukr
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun hold
nap hold
nth move bel
pic support mid move bre
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support war move gal
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
Russia: fleet/dislodged bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bre move gas
gal move bud
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh support bud move gal
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support bel
gal support sil move boh
gas support iri move mid
hol support pic move bel
iri move mid
kie move hel
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
tyr hold
ukr move rum
vie support bud move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
build Army stp
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh support mun
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas move spa/nc
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie support hel move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par support bre
pic support bre
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support tyr
tyr support gal move boh
tys support wes
ukr move sev
vie support gal move boh
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh support ruh move mun
bre support pic move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa/nc
ion hold
kie move ruh
lvn move war
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
par support bre
pic move eng
por support gas move spa
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr support ruh move mun
tys support wes
ukr move rum
vie support rum move gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1924 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move iri
mun move bur
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
