PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
hol hold
kie move den
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp hold
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tus
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
ber hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
con support smy move aeg
gre support rum move bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support nth
par move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe support yor move den
tri move alb
tus move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support bel
con support aeg move bul
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie support mun
lon support nth move eng
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie move mar
ser move bul
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move bal
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support smy move con
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
ber hold
bla support con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur support gas move mar
con hold
eng move mid
gal hold
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mun hold
nth move hel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel move ruh
ber support bal move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul support con
bur support bel move ruh
con support arm move ank
den support hel move kie
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hel move kie
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support hel move kie
nth move lon
pie move mar
sil move war
smy support ank move con
tun move wes
tys move gol
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
remove smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
bla hold
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support eng move bel
con support ank move smy
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie support mun move ber
lon move eng
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move hol
pie move mar
por move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move wes
tys move tus
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bal support bot move swe
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
den move nwy via convoy
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol support wes
mid support wes
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy den move nwy
nrg support den move nwy
pie support tus
rum support bul
sil move ber
smy hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support aeg move ion
tus support pie
tys move nap
vie move tyr
wes support gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol disband
ion move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move ser
den support hol move kie
eng move nth
gas move par
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move mar
mid move naf
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev move mos
smy move con
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus support tys move gol
tyr support pie
tys move gol
war move pru
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven via convoy
bal support den
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
con move ank
den support ber move kie
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move nap
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mos move war
mun move bur
naf support wes move tun
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move alb
sev move bla
ska support nth move nwy
spa/sc support mar
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
remove gol
build Army mos
remove pie
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb hold
ank hold
bal support den
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move tri
den support ber move kie
eng move mid
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap support adr move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nwy
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus support tun move tys
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank hold
apu support nap move rom
bal support den
bar move nwy
bla move con
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
fin support bar move nwy
ion move nap
kie support ruh move hol
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth support hol
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sil move mun
ska support nwy move swe
stp support bar move nwy
swe support bar move nwy
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support nap move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal support bot move swe
bel move bur
ber hold
bot move swe
bre move eng
con move aeg
den support bot move swe
fin support bot move swe
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support den
gol move wes
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support swe move den
nwy support bot move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh support mun move bur
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel hold
ber support kie
bur move par
eng move lon
fin support swe
gre hold
ion move tys
kie support bal move den
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar hold
mun move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth move lon
nwy move ska
rom support ion move tys
ruh move hol
stp move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move tyr
tus move gol
ven support pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
