PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
hel move den
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bre move mid
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
gre support con move bul
hel move den
hol move bel
kie support hel move den
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ser support tri move bud
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move bud
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war support ukr move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel support kie move hol
bud move vie
bul support gre
den move nth
eas support aeg move ion
fin support stp move nwy
gal support vie move bud
gre support bul
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move boh
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie support rom move ven
por hold
rom move ven
ser move gre
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den support hol move nth
eas move ion
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal support rum
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move hel
lon move eng
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg support nth
nwy move swe
por move spa
ser support tri
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
bud support vie
bul support ser
den support hel move nth
eng move bel
fin support ska move nwy
gal support rum
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support den
gol support pie
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nth support eng move bel
nrg support nth
nwy move bar
par move bre
pie support mun move tyr
ser support gre move alb
ska move nwy
spa move naf via convoy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support alb
vie support bud
war support gal
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bre move lon via convoy
bud support vie
bul support ser
con move aeg
den support hel move nth
eng convoy bre move lon
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
kie support den
gol hold
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move bel
nrg support nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move ven
ser support gal move bud
smy move eas
swe move den
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys support nap move rom
vie support bud
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bud move ser
bul support ser
den move ska
eas move ion
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gal support sil move boh
hol move nth
kie move ber
lon hold
gol support wes move tys
nth move den
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move tus
rom support tys
ser support alb move tri
sil move boh
swe move den
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr move mun
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
edi move nth
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move wal
gol support tus
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move hel
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
rom support tys
ser support gal move bud
ska move den
swe move den
tri support ven
tun hold
tus hold
tys support ion move tun
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur move bel
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move war
hel move nth
ion move nap
iri move nat
kie move den
gol support wes move tys
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
rom support tys
ser support alb move tri
ska support kie move den
swe move den
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move ven
tys support rom
vie support alb move tri
wal move lvp
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove nat
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
edi support nrg move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp support nth move edi
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp move lvn
nap support tys
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pie move tus
rom support tys
ser move tri
ska support den move swe
smy move eas
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tys support ion move tun
vie support tri move tyr
war support lvn move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
nth move yor
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
boh move gal
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move war
ion move adr
lvn move mos
lvp support yor move edi
gol move tys
mos support war
nap support tys
nth move den
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom support tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support tri
ska support swe move nwy
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support vie move boh
tys support rom
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
war support boh move gal
wes support tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move nrg
gal move bud
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur support mun
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move ukr
ion move tys
kie move den
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mos move war
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
rom support tys move tus
ser support tri
sev move rum
ska move swe
stp support nrg move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
tyr support adr move ven
tys move tus
ukr move mos
ven hold
war support ukr move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mos move sev
nwy move bar
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support mos move stp
bur move mar
den move nth
edi move nrg
gal support sil move war
ion move tys
kie support mun
gol support wes move tys
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
pie move tus
rom support ion move tys
rum move sev
ser support rum
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tus support ion move tys
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
war move mos
wes move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
stp move lvn
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bar support nrg move nwy
boh move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gal support sev move ukr
ion support nap move tys
kie support yor move den
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
pie support mar move tus
rom support nap move tys
ser move tri
sev move ukr
ska move swe
stp support ukr move mos
swe support nwy
tus support tys move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war support sev move ukr
wes move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
gol move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar hold
bre move mid
bul move ser
den support kie
gal move war
hel move hol
ion support rom move tys
kie move mun
lvn support war move mos
gol support tys move wes
mar support pie
mos support sil move war
nwy support ska move swe
pie hold
rom move tys
rum move sev
sil move war
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber move mun
con move bul
den move hol via convoy
fin move stp
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support rom move tys
kie support den move hol
lvn support fin move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support fin move stp
nth convoy den move hol
nwy support stp
par move pic
pie move tus
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move mar
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move adr
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber move mun
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur support ber move mun
fin move stp
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
lvn support fin move stp
gol support wes
mar move gol
mos support fin move stp
mun support tri move tyr
naf move wes
nth support pic move bel
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie hold
rum move bla
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
war move pru
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move pic
boh move gal
bre move mid
bur support mar
eng move mid
fin move stp
hol move yor via convoy
ion move adr
kie support mun move ber
lvn support fin move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar move gol
mos support fin move stp
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy support stp
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tun support wes move naf
tus move tys
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bar support stp
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur move mar
eng move bre
fin move stp
gas support bur move mar
kie move ber
lvn support fin move stp
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support fin move stp
mun support boh move sil
naf support tun move wes
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pru move ber
sil support vie move boh
spa/sc hold
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys support tun move wes
vie move boh
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
con move bul
eng move wal
fin move bot
gal support war move sil
gas support mar
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support spa move mar
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move adr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move iri
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
lon move yor
lvn support mos
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nrg move nat
pic support bur
pie support mar
pru move ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support bur move mun
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc
iri support yor move lvp
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support tys move wes
nat move cly
pic move bel
pie support mar
pru move ber
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support bel move ruh
cly move nrg
gas move mar
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support bel move ruh
lvn support mos
lvp move yor
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar support ruh move bur
mos support lvn
mun support ruh move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru support war move sil
ruh move bur
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bur move gas
gas move mar
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
iri support yor move lvp
kie support ber
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support bur move gas
mos support lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes
nat move nrg
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support par move bur
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bar move nwy
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bur move mar
gas move spa
ion hold
iri move nat
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support gas move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes
nth move edi
nrg move bar
par move gas
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tun move tus via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove ukr
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
edi move nrg
gas move spa
kie support ber
lvn support bar move stp
lvp move wal
gol support gas move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support bar move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move mid
nat move iri
nwy support stp
par support bre move gas
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
stp support bal move lvn
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bar move nwy
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
ion hold
iri support por move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support spa
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nat support por move mid
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser hold
sil support pru move ber
spa support mid move gas
stp support bal move lvn
tus hold
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
stp move fin
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvn
build Army sev
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
ber support ruh move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
con move bul
fin move stp
gas move mid
iri move eng
kie support ber
gol support mar
mid move spa/nc
mar support mun move bur
mos support stp
mun move bur
naf support gas move mid
nat move mid
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par support bre move gas
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa move por
stp support bar move nwy
tus hold
tyr move mun
wal hold
war move pru
wes support gas move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bul move ser
bur move gas
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas support par move bur
ion move tys
kie support ber
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move iri
mar support bur move gas
mos support stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
nwy support fin move stp
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
por support tus move spa
pru support sil move ber
ruh support pic move bur
sil move ber
spa/nc support eng move mid
tri move tyr
tus move spa via convoy
ukr move gal
war support pru
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
stp move lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bre support par move gas
bur support par move gas
gal move war
gas move mar
iri support wes move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mid support nat move iri
mar move tus
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move mid
nat move iri
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie support gas move mar
por support spa
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move iri
gal move war
gas move spa
iri support mid move eng
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
pie support mar
por support spa
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa support mar
swe move bal
tyr move mun
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
eng move lon
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar support stp
ber support bal move pru
boh support mun
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move gas
eng support iri
gal support war
gas support ruh move bur
iri support mid
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp hold
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support bur move gas
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
naf support mid
nat move nrg
par support ruh move bur
pie support tus move mar
pru support sil
ruh move bur
sil support pru
spa support bur move gas
tri move tyr
tus move mar
war support lvn
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bre hold
eng support gas move bre
gal support sil
gas move bre
iri move nat
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp move edi
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
naf support mid
nrg move nat
par support bre
pie support tus move mar
por move spa
pru support sil
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sil support pru
spa move gas
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support mun
war support lvn
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bur move par
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support sil
gas support bur move par
iri move eng
kie move hel
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
pie move mar
pru support sil
sil support pru
spa support gas
tyr support mun
war support lvn
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
par disband
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bur move ruh
eng move bel
gal support sil
gas move bur
hel move nth
kie move hol
lvn support pru
mid move iri
mos support lvn
mun support bur move ruh
naf move mid
pru support sil
sil support pru
war support pru
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Turkey: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
