PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move lvn
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move hol via convoy
gal move war
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
sil move war
tri move adr
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
sil move war
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move tyr
ukr support war
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support eas move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bar convoy hol move stp
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
gas move mar
gre move alb
hol move stp via convoy
gol move tys
mid move naf
nth convoy hol move stp
nrg convoy hol move stp
nwy support hol move stp
ser support tri
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
remove rum
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support ion move nap
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh move vie
bot move bal
bul move rum
bur move mar
edi move stp via convoy
ion move nap
lvn move pru
mar move pie
naf move tun
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
pie support tyr move ven
pru move lvn
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
war support lvn move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu support tys move rom
bal move ber
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move pru
bot move bal
den move swe
edi move stp via convoy
ion move gre
mar move pie
nap support tys move rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
pie move tus
pru support bal move ber
rum move gal
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tun support aeg
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove swe
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu move ven
bal support lvn move pru
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
ber move bal
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move bud
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos support war
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support kie move ber
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support gal move boh
tys support rom
ven support apu move rom
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move ven
bal support sil move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move pru
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
ion support nap
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support ion
nwy support bar move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ser support bud
sev move ukr
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ven move tus
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal support pru move lvn
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud support ser
con move bla
edi move stp via convoy
hol hold
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support bud
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven support nap move apu
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army/dislodged apu
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bud move tri
fin move stp
gal support sev move rum
hol move nth
ion move eas
lvn support stp move mos
nap support tun move ion
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tun move ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
remove war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move adr
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum
eas support ion move aeg
edi move stp via convoy
gal support sev move rum
gre support adr move ion
ion move aeg
lvn move war
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
pru support lvn move war
rom move ven
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
sil support lvn move war
smy hold
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
apu support tys move ion
bla support sev
boh support sil move gal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
eas support aeg move smy
gal support rum
gre move aeg
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
nap support tys move ion
pru move war
ser support bud
sev support bul move rum
sil support pru move war
smy support gre move aeg
tri move ser
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gal
build Army par
remove sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move gre
apu support nap move ion
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
boh support war move gal
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
eas support smy
ion move alb
mos move sev
nap move ion
pru move war
rum hold
ser move tri
sil support war move gal
stp move mos
tri support vie
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr
vie support sil move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb support ion move gre
apu move ion
bla move bul/ec
boh support vie
bud support rum move ser
eas move aeg
gal support ukr move rum
gre move alb
ion move gre
mos support sev
rum move ser
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
smy support eas move aeg
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move alb
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu move adr
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul/ec move bla
con move smy
edi move stp via convoy
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion support alb move gre
lon move hol via convoy
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy move ska
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
sev move arm
smy support aeg move con
tri support rum move bud
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul/ec
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
apu move adr
arm move ank
bla support ser move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec support ser move rum
con support arm move ank
gal move rum
gre support adr move ion
ion support alb move gre
pru move war
ser move rum
smy support con
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
