PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bud support rum move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
fin move swe
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ser
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
ank move bla
ber support ruh move mun
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move gre
con support bul
den move nth
edi move nth
hol move bel
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
arm support bla move ank
bel support hel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
bul hold
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol support ber move kie
ion support gre
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nwy hold
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
swe support den
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
bul move gre
hol move ruh
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre move ser
ank support sev move bla
apu move nap
arm move smy
bel support lon move hol
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move bal
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move hol via convoy
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
rum support gre move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
ank move con
arm move smy
bal support swe move den
bel support bur move ruh
bla support ank move con
bud hold
bul support con
bur move ruh
con support bul
gal move vie
gre support rum move bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support ruh move hol
mun move kie
nap support rom move tys
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support ska move nth
pie move ven
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support alb move tri
ska move nth
swe move den
tri support bud
tun support tys
tys move nap
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
tri move tyr
tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove gre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support con move smy
bel move hol
ber support hol move kie
bla move con
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move smy
den support ska move nth
hel support nth
hol move kie
kie support bel move hol
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth hold
nrg support nth
nwy move nrg
pie move tyr
ruh support bel move hol
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
ska move nth
stp/nc move bar
tri support pie move ven
tun support gol move tys
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move smy
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support ska move nth
gal support mun move sil
gre hold
hel support kie move den
ion move nap
kie move den
mun move ber
nap support tys move ion
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move bud
sil support ber
ska move nth
smy move eas
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven move tri
war support rum move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
gal move ukr
nrg move nat
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber support mun move sil
bre move mid
bud move vie
den support hol move kie
eas move ion
edi support nat move nrg
gal support bud move vie
hel support nth
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth support nat move nrg
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bur
rom support wes move tys
ser support tri
sil support war move pru
ska support swe move den
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move bar
sil move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bar move nrg
ber support sil move pru
bot move bal
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre move apu via convoy
hel support nth move den
ion convoy gre move apu
kie support nth move den
gol move tys
mid move wes
nap hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pru support war move sil
rom support tys move nap
ruh move hol
ser support tri
sil move pru
ska support den
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
nrg move edi
pru move war
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move ven
bal support sil move ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move pic
bul move ser
edi move nth
hel support edi move nth
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie support den
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap support tys move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pru support ber
rom move nap
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
vie support ser move tri
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move tyr
bud move tri
cly move nat
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nrg
hel support den
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie support den
mun support pru move ber
nap move apu
nth support edi move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie support tyr move ven
pru move ber
ser support vie move bud
ska support nrg move nth
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
nth move lon
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tun move ion
bal move kie
bel move nth
ber support bal move kie
bud support tri
den move nth
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hol support bal move kie
kie move hol
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
nat move cly
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
nrg move edi
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move rum
ska support nth move den
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tri
ven support pie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
kie disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support ven
ber support tyr move mun
bud support tri
bul support alb move gre
cly move lvp
den support kie
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie support ber
mar move bur
mun support pru move ber
nth move bel
nwy support ska
pie support apu move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support gre
ska support den
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr move mun
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
