PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move nth
gre hold
hel support edi move nth
hol hold
kie move hel
mos support sev
mun hold
nap hold
nth support bre move eng
nwy move ska
rom move apu
ruh support hol
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
swe support den
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move ank
bla support bul
bud move ser
bul support ser
den move swe
edi support ska move nth
eng support nth move lon
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol hold
ion move aeg
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move lon
ruh support hol
rum support gre move bul
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
swe move nwy
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
remove nth
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move rum via convoy
bel move wal
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support ank move rum
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support rum
gre hold
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
lon support den move nth
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nwy hold
par hold
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support mos move sev
ser support ank move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move fin
swe move ska
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bla move rum
bud hold
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng hold
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev move ukr
ska support den move swe
spa move gas
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move arm
arm support sev move bla
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move smy
edi move cly
eng support lon
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
iri move mid
lon hold
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth support lvp move edi
nwy hold
par hold
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
ska support swe
swe hold
tri move bud
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud support ven move tri
bul/sc support aeg move con
cly hold
con move bul
eng move bre
fin move stp
gas move mid
lon hold
mid move naf
mar support pie
nth move nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum support tri move bud
ser support ven move tri
sev support arm move bla
sil move mun
ska support nth move nwy
smy move aeg
swe support nth move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bud move gal
con move smy
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
remove cly
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove smy
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support sev move arm
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc move gre
con move smy
edi hold
gal move bud
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar support pie
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move ion
nwy hold
par move gas
pie hold
rom move tys
rum support bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move vie
tus hold
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
fin support lvn move stp
gal support pru move war
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion move gre
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mar support pie
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pie support tyr
pru move war
rum support bud
ser support vie move bud
smy hold
stp move nwy
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move ank
bre move mid
bul/sc support smy move con
fin support stp
gal move rum
gre move ion
kie hold
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nth move nrg
nwy support nth move nrg
pie move tus
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sil move war
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mar move pie
tys support gre move ion
ven move pie
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
tys move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bud support rum
bul/sc move gre
con hold
fin move stp
ion support rom move tys
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move naf
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru support stp move lvn
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
gre move ion
ion move tys
lvn support stp move mos
mos hold
mun support tyr
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move boh
stp move mos
tun support tys
tyr hold
tys support pie move tus
ukr move sev
ven move apu
vie support ser move tri
wal move iri
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu support tys move rom
arm hold
bla hold
boh move vie
bud move tri
den move bal
gre move bul/sc
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap support ion move tys
nwy hold
rom support ion move tys
sev support mos
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move rum
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move ank
bal convoy den move pru
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
con move ank
den move pru
gal support boh move vie
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nap move tys
nwy hold
rom support apu move nap
rum move bud
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bal hold
ber move sil
bud hold
con move ank
gal support rum move bud
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap move apu
nwy hold
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move bud
sil move boh
spa move mar
tri support bud
tus move ven
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
apu move rom
arm move ank
bal hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support tri move ser
con move bul/sc
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move den
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nwy hold
rum move bul
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil move gal
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
tus support apu move rom
tyr support tus move ven
tys support nap move ion
ven support alb move tri
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank hold
bal hold
ber move sil
bud support vie move tri
con move bul/ec
den hold
eas move smy
gal move vie
gre hold
ion move aeg
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
rom support tus move ven
rum support ser
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
sil move boh
tri support alb move ser
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
remove gre
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
ank hold
arm support sev
bal hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
den hold
ion move gre
kie move hol
gol move tys
mun support tyr
nwy hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support arm
sil move boh
smy move con
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys support tun move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank hold
arm support sev
bal hold
ber move pru
bla support aeg move bul
boh hold
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den hold
gre support con move bul
hol hold
ion move eas
gol move tys
mun support tyr
nwy hold
rum support gre move bul
sev support arm
sil move gal
tri support bul move ser
tyr support tri
tys move ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support con move ank
bal move den
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud support ser
con move ank
den move swe
gal move ukr
hol move bel
mun support tyr
nwy move nrg
pru move ber
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev support rum
tri hold
tyr hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army/dislodged ank
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm support eas move smy
bel hold
ber move kie
bud hold
bul/sc move con
den move nth
eas move smy
gal hold
gre move aeg
kie move hol
mun support tyr
nrg hold
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support arm
smy hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove syr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
