PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den hold
gal move rum
ion move tun
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
ser support gal move rum
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move lvn
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support hol
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum
con support ank move bla
edi move nrg
gre hold
hol support bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support bul move sev
bel support hol
bla convoy bul move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud move ser
bul move sev via convoy
bur move mar
con move aeg
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bul move sev
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
remove gol
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move mar
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
kie move mun
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move tus
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar support nrg move nwy
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mun
den move kie
gre move bul
hol move kie
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
nth support swe move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sil move war
swe move den
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
remove stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
bla convoy arm move rum
boh support vie move tyr
bul support ion move gre
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mos support sev
mun support kie move ruh
naf support tys move tun
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
rom support ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
tri support ven
tun hold
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie move tyr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
tun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bul support gre
bur move mun
den move bal
gre support bul
kie support bur move mun
mos support sev
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr move mun
ven support rom
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal support lvn move pru
bar move stp/nc
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support rum move bul
ion support wes move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos support sev
nap support aeg move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev hold
stp move lvn
tun support ion
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move bul/sc
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bul move rum
bur support mun
gre support ser move bul
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support pru move war
gol move mar
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support pie move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
stp/nc move bar
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support rom move nap
arm move smy
bal hold
bar hold
ber move sil
bla move con
bot hold
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ser
ion move nap
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev move rum
stp support lvn move mos
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move nap
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot support swe move lvn
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
ion move nap
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move stp
pru support mos move war
rom move nap
ser move gre
sil support mos move war
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ukr move rum
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg support rum move bul
apu move nap
bal hold
bar move nrg
bot hold
bud move ser
bur move mar
con support gre move bul
edi hold
gal support rum move ukr
gre move bul
ion move nap
lon move den via convoy
lvn move war
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tus
pru move sil
rom support apu move nap
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move con
stp move lvn
tus support rom
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
apu move nap
bal convoy den move ber
boh move vie
bot hold
bul move gre
con support gre move bul
den move ber via convoy
edi move den via convoy
gal move vie
gre move bul
ion move nap
lvn move war
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar support pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nrg hold
pie support mun move tyr
ser support sev move rum
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move con
tus support ven move rom
tys support rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
sev move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move ser
apu move adr
bal convoy den move lvn
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bot hold
con move ank
den move lvn via convoy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
gre move ser
ion move eas
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support tys move nap
rum support gal
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy move con
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
boh support gal
bud support vie
bur move mun
con support aeg move bul
eas support arm move smy
gal support boh
gre support aeg move bul
lvn move mos
gol move tys
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nwy move stp
pie support tyr
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support boh
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr hold
ukr support gal
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
boh support war move gal
bud support vie
eas move aeg
gal move rum
ion support alb move gre
mun support tyr
nap move apu
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support war move gal
smy support ank move con
tri support vie
tus support pie move ven
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
apu move adr
bal move kie
boh support gal
bot move bal
bud support vie
bul support gre
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gal support rum
gre support con move bul
ion move eas
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nrg hold
rom move nap
rum support gal
ser support bud
sil move ber
smy support ank
stp move mos
tri support vie
tus support ven
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal convoy den move ber
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bul support aeg move con
den move ber via convoy
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
tri support vie
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
gre disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support bul move gre
bal convoy den move pru
ber hold
bla hold
boh support gal
bud move tri
bul move gre
con support aeg move bul
den move pru via convoy
gal support vie move bud
gre support aeg move bul
ion support gre
nwy move stp
rum support tri move ser
ser support bul move gre
sev support rum
sil support boh
smy move ank
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
