PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
boh move gal
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
gal move vie
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
nth move nwy
pic move par
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tys move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support mun move bur
ber move pru
con move bul
den move swe
hol support bel
kie move mun
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie hold
ser support con move bul
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul support ser
bur move gas
con move ank
eng move bre
hol move kie
mar support par move bur
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move den
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum
swe support nwy move den
tri hold
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bre support eng move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bla
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas move par
gre move aeg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mar support por move spa
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/sc support mos move lvn
swe move ska
tri hold
ven support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move arm
bal move ber
bel move hol
bud move ser
bur move par
con move bul/ec
den move swe
gal support lvn move war
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
ion move tys
lvn move war
gol support spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support por move spa
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
por move spa/sc
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
smy move arm
spa/sc support gol
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven support tri
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move bul/ec
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con support bul/ec move bla
den move swe
eng move nth
gre move bul
hol move ruh
kie support bur move mun
gol support spa/sc
mar support por move spa
mos support arm move sev
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
nwy move den via convoy
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move ber
ska support nwy move den
spa/sc support gol
tri support bud move ser
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
ser move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bul move rum
con move bul/ec
gre move ser
hol move ruh
kie support mun
gol support spa/sc
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr move vie
tys move ion
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move bul
boh move sil
bre support lon move eng
bud support ven move tri
bul/ec move con
gre support ank move bul
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid move por
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum support ank move bul
ser move alb
sev move ukr
smy move eas
spa/sc support gol move mar
swe support kie move den
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move apu
bla move sev
bre support eng move mid
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
den hold
eas support con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
gre support bul move ser
kie move hel
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move por
mos hold
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support nth
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri support bud
ukr support rum
yor move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move mun
bre move pic
con move aeg
den support swe
eas support con move aeg
gal move vie
gre move alb
hel support kie move hol
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nap support ion
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pie move mar
por support gol move spa
ruh move bel
rum support ser
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser
bud support tri
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre support eas move ion
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
gol support mar move spa
mid move gas
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap hold
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move eng
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support mar move spa
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
nwy move nrg
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove nrg
build Army rom
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bud support tri
bur move par
eng support nth
gal move war
gas support mid
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move bal
gol move mar
mid support eng
mun move bur
nth support eng
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
ska move den
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support bud
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move den
bud support vie move gal
bur move par
eng support mid
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tun
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mos support war
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ser support gal move bud
ska move den
spa/sc support por
swe support bal move den
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army con
build Army mun
remove pie
remove ska
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre support mid
bud support ser move tri
bur move gas
con move bul
den support hel move nth
eng support nth
gal move bud
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move adr
mid support bre
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support eng
nwy move stp
par support bel move pic
por move mid
rum move bla
ser move tri
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move tys
tys support gre move ion
ven move rom
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre support mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
den support hel move nth
eng support nth
gal move bud
gas support pic move bre
gre move ion
hel move nth
gol move tys
mid support bre
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support eng
par move bur
pic move bre
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support gol move tys
tys move rom
vie support gal move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
mid move iri
tri move tyr
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
bla support sev
bud support tyr move tri
bur hold
den move nth
gas support bre
hel support den move nth
ion move aeg
lvn move mos
mid support spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move tys
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc support mid
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bud move gal
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul
hol move edi via convoy
ion move aeg
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid move nat
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy move stp
pie support gol move mar
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc support gol move mar
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support bud move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
edi move lvp
gal move war
gas support bre
hel move den
kie support mun
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun hold
nat support mid move iri
nth move lon
pie support mar
pru support gal move war
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri support ven move tyr
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move par
bur support mun
con move bul/ec
den move nth
gal support war
gas move spa
iri move nat
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp hold
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move sil
nat move nrg
pie support mar
pru move lvn
rum move sev
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber support mun move sil
boh move sil
bur move mun
gal support war
gas move mar
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
lvn support mos move war
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move war
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
pie support mar
pru support boh move sil
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nrg
ber move sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
gal support boh move sil
gas hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move pru
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nth support nwy
nrg hold
nwy support stp
par move bre
pie support mar
pru support boh move sil
ruh support mun
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support mos move stp
ber hold
bla convoy con move rum
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move rum via convoy
den move kie
gal move ukr
gas move spa
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth support nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support sil
boh support sil
bur support mun
fin support nwy
gal support lvn move war
hol move bel
kie support pru move ber
lvn move war
mid move iri
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support pru move ber
nth support nwy
nrg move cly
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support war move pru
bla move con
boh support sil
bul/ec move bla
bur support mun
cly support nrg move edi
con move bul
fin move stp
gal move vie
iri move lvp
kie support mun
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
nth support bel move eng
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army/dislodged edi
Italy: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre move wal via convoy
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng convoy bre move wal
fin move nwy
gas support bur move mar
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nth support yor move edi
nrg support yor move edi
ruh support mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
tus move rom
ukr support war
war support lvn move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
ber move sil
bla move con
bud support vie
con move bul
edi support wal move lvp
eng move mid
gas move spa
kie move den
mar support gas move spa
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pru support ber move sil
ruh move bur
ser move tri
smy move aeg
ukr move gal
vie support ser move tri
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal support war
ion move adr
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move sil
pru move lvn
rom move nap
sil move pru
spa support mid move por
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move con
ber move bal
con move bul
fin move stp
gal support war
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
lvp move wal
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rum move ukr
sil support pru move war
smy move gre via convoy
spa move gas
stp support mos move lvn
swe move den
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move tun
bal move den
ber support mun
boh move sil
bul move rum
con move tun via convoy
den move swe
gal support war
gre move alb
ion convoy con move tun
lvn support sil move war
mos support war
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move nth
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support rom move tus
ukr support mos
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move sil
con move bul
den move nth
gal support war
gas move spa
ion move tun
mid move por
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move eng
rum move sev
smy move con
tri support tyr
tus move gol
tyr support boh
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie move mun
boh move tyr
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support war
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn support sil move war
gol move pie
mos move lvn
mun move sil
naf support wes
nth move eng
pie support ven
por support gol move spa
pru support sil move war
sev move mos
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war
war support mos move lvn
wes support spa
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
