PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support ven
bla move con
bot hold
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
den move ska
ion move gre
mid move spa/sc
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move swe via convoy
tri move alb
ukr move rum
ven support apu
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
apu support ven
ber move kie
bla move con
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar move gol
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
ser support alb move gre
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move swe via convoy
tri support adr move ven
ven support apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bel support yor move hol
bla move con
bot convoy stp move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support ser
hol move hel
kie hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
spa move mar
stp move swe via convoy
tri move bud
tun hold
ven support apu
war move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bel support par move bur
bre move gas
bud support tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move eas
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support ska move den
par move bur
ruh move hol
ser support ven move tri
ska move den
smy move con
tri support bud
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bal move den
bel move ruh
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move smy
den support hel move kie
eas move smy
gas move bur
gre support tri move ser
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
gol move tys
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser support bul
tri move ser
tun support nap move tys
tyr support pie move ven
ven support apu
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
kie move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
ber hold
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur move mun
con hold
den move bal
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support den move bal
lon move den via convoy
gol support naf move wes
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
smy support gre move aeg
tri support bud
tun support tys
tyr move pie
tys support tun
ven support apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal move swe
bel move hol
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
den support bal move swe
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun support kie move ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support tri move ven
ser move tri
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven support apu move rom
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ber move bal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
rom move tus
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys support tus move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu support adr move ven
bal move bot
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
eas move ion
gre support ser
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
mar move pie
mos move war
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
rom support ion move nap
ser support bul move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe support bal move bot
tri support adr move ven
tun move wes
tys support wes move tun
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu support ven
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move mid
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support pie move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
stp move mos
swe move ska
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
ven move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal move den
boh support tyr move vie
bud support alb move tri
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth move hel
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rom support tys move nap
rum support arm move sev
sil move gal
ska move nth
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
arm move sev
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hel convoy lon move kie
lon move kie via convoy
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move kie
par move bur
rom support tys move nap
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support nap move apu
vie support gal move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
