PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move bla
bot move swe
den hold
edi move yor
eng move bre
gal support tyr move vie
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel move eng
bre move mid
den move nth
edi move nrg
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
bud move ser
bur move bel
gas move spa
hel move den
ion move gre
lon hold
mid move por
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support bel
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
ska move nwy
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri support ser move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
tri disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move pic
bre support gas move par
bur support bel move pic
con support rum move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
gas move par
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon support edi move yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move ska
pic move eng
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move smy
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur support pic move par
con support arm move smy
den hold
eas support smy
edi support lon move nth
eng move nth
gal support ser move bud
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move aeg
lon move nth
mar support gas move bur
mun move sil
nth support den
par support bre move pic
pic move par
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support bud move ser
tyr move vie
ven support tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
den move bal
nth move ska
pic move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm support smy
bal move kie
bel hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den move bal
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
gre support bul
lon hold
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move swe via convoy
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe support den move bal
tri support vie
ven support tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bal support swe move den
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con support smy
eas support smy
eng convoy pic move wal
gre support aeg move bul
hol support nth move hel
kie move hel
lon hold
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move wal via convoy
pie move mar
pru move swe via convoy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
swe move den
tri move tyr
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud move tri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove kie
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move kie
bel support ruh move hol
con support rum move bul
den support bal move kie
eas support smy
eng support wal move lon
gre support bul
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move war
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move ruh
bla move con
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur support bel move ruh
con move aeg
den move hel
eas support smy
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
kie support den move hel
lvn support war move pru
mos move war
mun move ruh
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pie move tus
pru support sil move war
ser move tri
sil move war
tri move tyr
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
boh move gal
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con support ank move smy
eas move ion
eng move iri
gre move alb
hel support kie
hol move ruh
kie support pru move ber
lon move wal
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nwy move nth
par move gas
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser support bul move gre
sev move bla
sil support mun move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tyr move tri
ber hold
bla move rum
bur move mar
con hold
edi hold
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre hold
hel support kie
ion move tys
iri support wal move lvp
kie support ber
gol move tys
mun hold
nwy move nrg
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy hold
tri support vie
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven move rom
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
