PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu support ven
arm move sev
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move swe
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
tri support ser
ukr move rum
ven support apu
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
mar support par move bur
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm support bul move sev
bal move den
bel hold
bla convoy bul move sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul move sev
bur move mar
con move smy
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
kie support mun
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bel
ser move bul
sev move bla
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm move sev
bal move den
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla move con
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mar
den hold
fin move nwy
gre move smy
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support mos move sev
sev move ukr
smy support bla move con
spa support bur move mar
swe support fin move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm move sev
bal support swe move den
bel support bur move pic
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move pic
con hold
den hold
gas support spa move mar
gre move smy
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support con
spa move mar
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
nwy move swe
spa move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army rom
remove sil
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move eng
boh move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con support ank move bul
den move nwy
gas support por move spa
gre support bul
kie move ber
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move swe
nwy support yor move swe
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser hold
ska convoy yor move swe
smy support con
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp/nc hold
tri hold
ven move pie
war hold
wes move tys
yor move swe
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move sev
bal move swe
bre hold
bul move con
con hold
den support bal move swe
eng hold
gas move spa
kie move hol
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth support ska move den
nwy support swe
par hold
pie move tus
por support gas move spa
ska move den
smy hold
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp/nc support nwy
swe support ska move den
ven hold
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber move bal
bre move lon
con move bla
den support nth move hel
edi move nth
eng convoy bre move lon
gre support bul
hol support ruh move kie
kie move hel
lon move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move kie
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun move tys
tys hold
ven hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support kie move den
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng support lon
fin support nwy move swe
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon hold
mid move por
nth support yor move lon
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh support hol
ser support tri
sev hold
smy move con
spa support mid move por
stp/nc hold
tun support ion move tys
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
vie support tri
war hold
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove fin
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support ber move kie
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bot move stp/sc
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
den support swe move bal
eng support lon
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon hold
mos support bot move stp/sc
nap move apu
nth support yor move lon
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy support con
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move lvn
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move ven
bal support den move kie
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul move ser
den move kie
eng move mid
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
hel support den move kie
hol move kie
ion hold
lon hold
lvn support bal move bot
mid support gas move bre
mos move sev
nth support yor move lon
nwy support nth
pic move bre
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: army/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet con
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support smy move bul
eng support wal move lon
gas move par
hel move hol
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid hold
mun move boh
nth support hel move hol
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
smy move bul
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move yor
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel move nth
ber support den move kie
bla move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support lon
gre move ser
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
lvn move swe
mid hold
nth support yor move lon
par hold
pie move mar
ruh move mun
sev move mos
smy move con
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move bal
tri move alb
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet edi
remove lon
remove mos
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support nap move alb
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move ank
bal move bot
bel move nth
ber support kie
bla move ank
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul move con
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support bel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support ber
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move alb
nth move den
par move bur
rum support bud
ser support bul
smy support bul move con
swe support nth move den
tri support vie move bud
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel support edi move nth
ber hold
bla move ank
bot move stp/sc
bul support gre
bur move pic
con move smy
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng support nth move bel
gal support vie move bud
gre support ser
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon support wal
mid hold
nth move bel
pie move mar
rum support bud
ser support bud
sil move war
smy move con
swe support den
tri support alb move ser
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal support lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg convoy smy move bul
bel support eng move nth
ber support den move kie
bla support smy move bul
bud move ser
bul support rum
den move kie
edi move nwy
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol support nth
ion support ser move gre
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic support bel
rum support bud move ser
ser move gre
sev move ukr
smy move bul
stp/sc move bot
swe move bot
tri support vie move bud
ven move alb
vie move bud
wal support lvp move iri
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
ber support kie move bal
bla move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
gal move rum
gre support tri move ser
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri support wal move eng
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn support sil move war
mid support eng
mos support ukr move war
nth support hol move bel
nwy support swe move fin
pic support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move ser
tys move wes
ukr move war
wal move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bal move lvn
bel hold
ber hold
bla move con
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur move ruh
eas move syr
eng hold
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri support wal move eng
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid support eng
mos support ukr move war
nap move ion
nth support wal move eng
nwy move stp
pic support bel
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
sil support lvn move pru
smy move eas
stp/sc move lvn
ukr move war
ven move tyr
wal move eng
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bal support ber
bel hold
ber support hol move kie
bot move bal
bre support mid
bud support rum
bul hold
con support bul
eng support iri move mid
fin move swe
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lon move hol
mid support bre
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
pic support bel
pru move ber
ruh support bel
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy support aeg move eas
syr move smy
tyr move boh
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
ber support sil move mun
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
con move bul/sc
eas support smy move aeg
eng support iri
gre move ser
hol move bel
iri support eng
kie support bal move ber
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
syr move smy
tys move gol
ven move adr
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
con move ank
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
bal move kie
ber support kie
bre support mid
bul support con
con support smy
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie support ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mos move sev
mun support bal move kie
nat support iri move mid
nth support hol move bel
pic support ruh move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
smy support con
stp hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
kie move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove eas
build Army rom
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal support den
ber move mun
bre support iri move mid
bud move rum
bul move con
con move bla
den support bal
eng support iri move mid
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie hold
mid support bre move eng
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat support iri move mid
nth support hol move bel
pic support ruh move bel
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sil move gal
smy support bul move con
spa/sc support mid
stp move nwy
tyr hold
ven move pie
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move bla
bal hold
bre move pic
bul move con
bur support mun move ruh
con move bla
eng convoy nwy move gas
gal hold
gre move smy
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie hold
mid convoy nwy move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat hold
nth convoy nwy move gas
nwy move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
smy move eas
spa/sc support por move mid
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war hold
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
mun move ber
sev move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
