PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move bal
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
eng support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move spa
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support vie move tri
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move wal via convoy
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bot move bal
bre move gas
bud move tri
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move alb
hol move ruh
kie move bal
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum move ukr
spa move mar
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bla support bul
bot move bal
bul hold
eng support wal move lon
fin move stp/sc
gal move sil
gas move bur
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie move bal
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support tri
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
remove bot
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ber move sil
bud support tri
bur move mar
eng move iri
gre move ion
kie move den
lon move yor
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy move stp
par move bur
pru move war
ruh move mun
stp/sc move lvn
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bur move mar
den move nth
iri move nat
lvn move bal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nap move tys
pru move war
sil support pru move war
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bud support vie
gre move ion
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar support pie
mun move tyr
nth support yor move edi
por move spa
sil move gal
tri support vie
tun support gol move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
yor support nat move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud move rum
den move nth
gal move rum
ion move nap
mar move pie
nat support yor move lvp
nth move nrg
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil move gal
spa move mar
tri support vie
tun support tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys support pie move tus
ven hold
vie support tri
war move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
bre move par
bud move gal
gal support boh move vie
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mun move boh
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move tus
sil move war
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support lvn move mos
ven support rom move tus
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud move gal
gal support boh move vie
iri move eng
lvp move wal
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
par move pic
pie move ven
rom move tus
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support rom move tus
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
edi move cly
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support vie move bud
gas move mar
kie move hel
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move boh
nth move nrg
pic move lon via convoy
pie move ven
rom move nap
sev support ukr move rum
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud support rum move ser
cly move nat
eng move mid
gal move rum
hel move nth
ion support rom move nap
gol move tys
mar move pie
nrg move cly
rom move nap
rum move ser
sev move arm
sil move boh
tyr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move tri
ion convoy tus move gre
mid move wes
mar move gol
nap move apu
pie move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
tus move gre via convoy
tyr support bud move tri
tys convoy tus move gre
ukr move rum
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bul move con
ion move eas
kie move hel
gol move tys
mid move wes
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
tys move ion
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
