PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support rum
bot move swe
bud hold
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
den move nth
edi move nwy
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
bla convoy con move sev
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move sev
den support kie move hel
edi move nrg
gre hold
hol hold
kie move hel
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy
bel move wal
boh move vie
bud support vie
den support hel move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
fin support stp
gal move bud
gas hold
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move adr
gol hold
mid move iri
mun support sil
nth move lon
nrg support nwy
par move pic
ser move tri
sil support mun
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bar support nwy move stp
bud support vie
den move ska
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol move bel
iri move mid
lon move eng
gol hold
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support den move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bur
ser move tri
sil support mun move boh
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys support nap move ion
ukr move sev
vie support bud
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
stp move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bar move nwy
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
gal move rum
gas move naf
ion move gre
lon hold
gol move wes
mid convoy gas move naf
mos move stp
nth move edi
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
pic hold
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
ska move swe
stp support bar move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
vie support bud
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
remove sev
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud hold
fin move stp
gre hold
ion support tys move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
naf move tun
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic hold
rum move ser
ser support bud
ska support kie move den
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh move tyr
bud hold
den move swe
eng move mid
fin support nwy
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
ion support tun
gol move tys
mos support stp move lvn
naf move tun
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pic move bur
pie move tus
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
ska support den move swe
stp move lvn
swe move den
tun hold
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal move yor
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
remove gal
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move ber
ber hold
boh move vie
bud move ser
bur move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
lvn support mos move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
nth hold
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
rom hold
rum move bul
ser move bul
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move rom
tus support tun move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys convoy tun move rom
vie hold
war move mos
wes move tun
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
rom move nap
ser move alb
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
bal move kie
ber move kie
bud move vie
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move pru
mar move spa
nap support ion move tys
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser hold
sil move ber
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support vie
tys move rom
vie support alb move tri
wes move tys
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove ion
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove pru
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
den hold
edi move nrg
gre move ion
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nrg move cly
nwy support edi move nrg
pie move ven
rom move nap
ser move rum
sev move ukr
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ven move apu
vie support ven move tri
war support bal move pru
wes support tus move tys
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
apu support rom move nap
bal move den
ber move pru
boh move gal
bul support aeg move gre
cly move edi
den hold
gal hold
gre move ion
kie hold
mid move wes
nap move tys
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum hold
sil support ber move pru
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove cly
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb hold
bal move lvn
ber move bal
boh move gal
bul support tri move ser
den hold
gal support war
gas hold
gre hold
ion move adr
kie hold
lvp move wal
mid hold
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move ion
nrg move nth
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sil support boh move gal
stp/nc hold
swe support ber move bal
tri move bud
tun support nap move ion
tus move ven
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support bal move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg hold
alb hold
apu move alb
bal support swe move bot
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre hold
ion move gre
kie move mun
lvn move stp/sc
gol move wes
nth hold
pru move war
rum support bul
sil support pru move war
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri support apu move alb
ukr hold
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg hold
alb support bre move gre
bal support swe move lvn
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move gre
bud support sil move gal
bul support rum
gal move ukr
gre hold
ion convoy bre move gre
mid convoy bre move gre
mos support lvn
mun hold
nth hold
rum support bul
sil move gal
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn
tri move ser
tun support ion
tys convoy bre move gre
ukr hold
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support gal move ukr
wes convoy bre move gre
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
alb move ser
bal support swe move lvn
boh move gal
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move rum
bul move con
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
lvn move stp/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
pru move sil
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
stp/nc hold
swe move lvn
tri support alb move ser
tys support adr move ion
ukr move mos
vie support boh move gal
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
remove rum
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move pru
ber hold
bot move swe
bre move syr
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
con move smy
eas convoy bre move syr
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion convoy bre move syr
lvn support bal move pru
mid convoy bre move syr
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move yor
pru move ber
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tys convoy bre move syr
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
war move gal
wes convoy bre move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support con move ank
ber move sil
boh hold
bud support rum
bul move con
con move ank
eas support ion move aeg
gal support rum
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lvn move mos
mun hold
nwy move nrg
pru move bal
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
swe move nwy
syr support sev move arm
tun move ion
ukr move sev
vie support bud
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
bal move den
bud support rum
bul support con
con support arm move ank
eas move smy
gal support rum
mos move sev
rum support bud
sev move arm
smy move gas
syr support eas move smy
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Austria: fleet/dislodged ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support ank
bla move ank
bud support rum
gal support rum
sev support rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
