PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move par
con move sev via convoy
den move swe
eng move mid
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move tri
war hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre support par move gas
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move ska
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support rum move sev
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy support bot move swe
par move gas
por support spa
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
tri hold
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
con move bul/sc
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
gas support spa
gre hold
hol move kie
lon move hol via convoy
mid support mar move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos support sev
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe
por support spa
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
ska support bal move swe
spa hold
swe hold
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
den move nth
eas support gre move ion
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie support bel move hol
lon move eng
gol support wes move spa
mid move gas
mar support wes move spa
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support hol
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
por support spa
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support bud move rum
ska support swe move nwy
spa support gas move mar
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc support ser move gre
bur move mar
den support ska move swe
eas move aeg
eng move bre
fin support swe move nwy
gas support bur move mar
hol support kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support hol
gol support mar
mid support eng move bre
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth move bel
nwy support ska move swe
por support spa
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev move rum
ska move swe
spa support bur move mar
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
rum move gal
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support lon move nth
ber move mun
bla convoy sev move con
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul/sc support ser move gre
bur move par
den move nth
eas support aeg
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
gol support mar move spa
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nwy move nrg
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move con via convoy
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move nth
bla support con move bul
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bul/sc hold
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
gre move ser
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon support bel move nth
gol move mar
mid move por
mun support boh move tyr
nap move rom
nrg support bel move nth
nwy support den move nth
par hold
rum support ukr move sev
sev move arm
spa support mid move por
stp/nc support nwy
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bel support kie move hol
ber move sil
bla move ank
bre move eng
bul move rum
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon support nth
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy support den move nth
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support tri move vie
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support con
apu support rom move ven
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move gas
con support ank
den move nth
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gre support bul
hol support bel
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move gas
mar move pie
nth move hel
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par hold
rom move ven
sev move rum
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
remove nrg
remove rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
apu support tri move ven
arm support bla move ank
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla convoy rum move ank
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
bur move pic
con support ank
den move nth
edi move nrg
eng support nth
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
mid move gas
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support hel move hol
nwy support bar move nrg
par hold
pie support tri move ven
rum move ank via convoy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
apu move ion
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support pic move par
con support ank
den support hel move nth
edi support nth move nrg
eng hold
gas move spa/nc
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move gre
mar hold
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy support hel move nth
par move bre
pic move par
rom move tys
rum move ser
smy support con
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove pie
build Army sev
remove tyr
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bar move nrg
bel support bur move pic
ber move sil
bla support ank move con
bre support spa/nc move gas
bul support aeg move gre
bur move pic
con support gre move bul
den support nth
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move mun
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support bar move nrg
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
par support bur move pic
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/nc move gas
tri move ser
tus move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bre support gas
bul support tri move ser
bur move gas
cly support edi
con support gre move bul
den move nth
edi support cly
eng support bre
gas support bre
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move nth
ion support bul move gre
lon move nth
nth move eng
nrg support den move nth
nwy support den move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move nap
sev move rum
sil move war
smy support con
tri move ser
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move yor via convoy
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
bre support par move gas
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc support smy move aeg
bur support par move gas
cly support edi
con move ank
den support nth
edi support cly
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move nth
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par move gas
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move aeg
tri move ser
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
ser move rum
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bla support rum move bul
bre support eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur support hol move bel
cly support edi
den move nth
eas move smy
edi support cly
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas support pic move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nrg support yor move edi
pic move bre
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
tri move vie
ven move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bul
build Army con
remove mid
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bur move mar
cly move nrg
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gas support bur move mar
gre support rum move bul
lon support edi move nth
lvp move cly
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nrg support den move nth
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
mar move spa/sc
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support arm move ank
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
cly support wal move lvp
den move nth
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support bul
lon support den move nth
lvp move cly
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nrg move cly
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
yor move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
