PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
gas move bre
hol support pic move bel
kie move den
mid move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
sev move rum
sil hold
stp move nwy
tys convoy rom move tun
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move gal
bul support rum
den hold
eng move lon
gal support sev move rum
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie move hel
mid move spa/sc
nth move edi
rum support ank move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil hold
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move wes
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm support ukr move sev
bla support sev
bre move gas
bul move ser
den move kie
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move nap
mar move pie
mun hold
pie move ven
rum move bud
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove tun
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud hold
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol move nth
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move nrg
rom move nap
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move bur
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul move rum
edi move nth
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move tys
nth move edi
rum support tri move ser
ser support bud
spa move por
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move tun
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move adr
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul move rum
edi move nth
hol support nth
ion move adr
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap move apu
nth support eng move lon
nwy move swe
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev support bul move rum
tri support rum move ser
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu move ven
arm move bla
bla support sev
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol support nth
ion support tys move tun
gol support wes
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth support eng move lon
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support vie
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie support gal move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
ank move arm
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support war move gal
con move bul
hol move nth
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber
lon support hol move nth
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support mos move ukr
stp move lvn
tyr support vie move tri
tys move tun
ven support ser move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu move ven
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move cly
eng move iri
gal support ukr move rum
hol support nth
ion support tys move tun
gol support pie move tus
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pie move tus
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes support naf move tun
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
remove cly
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
edi move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre move alb
hol move hel
ion support tys move tun
iri move lvp
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol move tys
mun move boh
naf move tun
nrg move nwy
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wal move lon
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bla move sev
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng move lon
gal move rum
ion support tun
kie support mun
lon move yor
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nth support eng move lon
pie support apu move ven
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move mos
tri hold
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support tys move rom
vie support tri
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Army par
remove tus
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla move sev
boh support gal
bre move gas
bul support rum
con move aeg
hel hold
ion move nap
kie hold
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nth hold
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move mos
tri move ser
tyr support tri
tys move gol
ven support mar move pie
vie support bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move mar
gas move spa
hel hold
ion support nap
iri move eng
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mun move boh
nap support ion
nth hold
pie move tus
rom support wes move tys
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
tyr hold
ven support rom
vie support tri move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gol
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
gas move bur
gre move alb
ion support nap
mun move tyr
nap support ion
par move pic
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
tun support tys
tyr move tri
tys support rom move nap
ven move apu
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ser move tri
apu support rom move nap
boh move gal
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
hel move nth
ion support nap
mid move wes
mos move stp
nap support ion
nth move nrg
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys
tyr support tri
tys support rom move nap
ven support apu
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
ank move sev via convoy
apu move rom
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move rum
ion hold
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pru move lvn
rum move gal
ser support bud
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun support wes move tys
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven support nap move apu
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move adr
boh support vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
eas support ion
lvn support war move mos
mid move wes
nap move apu
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pru support lvn
rom support nap move apu
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tyr support tri
tys move nap
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support adr
ber move sil
boh support vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
eas support ion
kie move bal
lvn move stp
nwy support lvn move stp
pru move war
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
swe move bot
tri move bud
tyr move tri
tys support wes move tun
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support tun move ion
bud move vie
eas support ion
gal support bud move vie
nap support tun move ion
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
alb support ser move tri
apu support ion
bal move swe
boh support tyr move vie
bot move stp/sc
eas support aeg
fin move swe
gal support vie
gre support alb
ion support adr move alb
mos support ukr move war
nap support ion
nwy hold
pru support war
rom support ven
ser move tri
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support adr move alb
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu support ion
bal support pru
bla move con
boh support tyr
bot move swe
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal support vie
gre support alb
ion support adr move alb
mos support fin move stp
nap support ion
nwy hold
pru support sil
ser support alb move tri
sil support boh
stp move mos
tri support adr move alb
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
