PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
tri move vie
tus hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel support lon move nth
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move rum
bur support bel
den support nwy move swe
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move gol
nap move tys
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support arm move bla
spa move gas
tri support bud
tun move wes
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel support nth move hol
bla support sev move arm
boh move sil
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support bal move swe
edi hold
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move bel
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mun move bur
nth move hol
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tys support wes move gol
ven move tus
vie hold
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move kie
gol move spa/sc
swe move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support sev move arm
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den move hel
edi hold
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move naf
mun move ber
nwy support lon move nth
pie support gol move mar
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil support bur move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
vie move gal
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
con move smy
edi hold
gal move war
gas move mar
hel move den
hol hold
kie support ber
gol move wes
mun support sil move ber
naf support wes move tun
nth move den
nwy support bot move swe
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa/sc support gas move mar
tus move ven
tys support gol move wes
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Army bre
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
remove ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
hel support kie
hol move hel
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
naf move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move gol
swe support nwy move ska
tri move adr
tun move tys
tys move tun
vie hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
smy move ank
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move smy
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
gas move spa
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
gol hold
mid move por
mar hold
mun support hol move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rum move bul/ec
sil move war
ska move den
smy support aeg move con
swe support ska move den
tun hold
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war hold
wes hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
remove mar
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support ser move bul
ank support con move smy
bel hold
ber support kie
bla support bul move con
bul move con
con move smy
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie support ber
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support hol move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move con
spa support mid move por
stp hold
tun support nap move tys
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support bul
ank support smy
arm support ukr move sev
ber support tyr move mun
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
den support kie
eas move smy
eng move mid
fin move stp
kie support mun move ber
gol move tys
mos support arm move sev
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy move fin
pie move mar
por hold
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move sev
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move sev
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ruh
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move con
ank support smy
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
con move bul
den move kie
eas move smy
fin move stp
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move pru
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos support arm move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support con move bul
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tun support nap move tys
tys move tus
ukr move war
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bot support stp
bud move rum
bul move gre
con hold
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gas support spa/sc move mar
hol move hel
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move ber
naf support wes move tun
par move bur
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
sil move war
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tun move wes
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move ukr
sev move arm
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove eas
remove gre
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support ukr move sev
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bot support stp
bre hold
bur support bel move ruh
con move bla
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
gas move mar
hel hold
ion support tys move tun
kie support pru move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move ruh
par hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sev support bla
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
tun hold
tys move tun
ukr move sev
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move sev
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
gol support spa/sc move wes
mun move kie
naf support spa/sc move wes
par hold
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tun support wes move naf
war support ber move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
ank move con
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bud move gal
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move nth
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos
gol support gas move mar
mid move naf
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
naf move wes
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet/dislodged naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move smy
ank move smy
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tun support tys
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ven move tus
ukr support bud move gal
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet lvp
remove ska
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
ber move pru
bud move vie
bur hold
con move smy
gal move war
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol support wes move tys
mid support wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support vie move tyr
naf move tun
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie hold
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sev move mos
sil support war
smy support aeg move con
swe move ska
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
tyr disband
tys move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den move hel
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move nap
iri hold
lvn support war
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
pie hold
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh hold
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska move nth
smy support con move ank
stp support mos
tun move tys
tus support pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support sil
boh move mun
bre hold
bur support mun
con move bul
gal move war
hel move nth
ion support rom move tys
iri support nth move eng
lvn support war
gol support tun move tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nth move eng
pie hold
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support mun
stp support mos
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support gal move war
war hold
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng hold
gal hold
ion move tun
iri hold
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid support wes
mar move pie
mos hold
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
pie hold
pru support sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev support ukr
smy move con
stp support mos
tri support tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh
ukr support gal
war support sil
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
