PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot convoy stp move swe
bur move bel
con move aeg
gal support rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
stp move swe via convoy
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move pru
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol support bur move bel
kie support den
lon move eng
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
vie support ser move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move bot
bar support fin move stp
bla move ank
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
den hold
eng support nth move bel
fin move stp
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support den
mid move iri
mar move pie
nth move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
swe move fin
tri support bud move ser
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support stp move nwy
bel move pic
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con move bla
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng support bel move pic
fin support mos move stp
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol support bur move bel
iri move wal
kie move bal
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
nwy move bar
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys hold
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tri move alb
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bud move tri
ank move con
bal move den
bar move nrg
boh support tyr move vie
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move ank
eng support pic move bre
fin move swe
hol move nth
lvn move bal
lvp move yor
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move bre
mun hold
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bre
pru move war
ser support bul move rum
ska move den
spa move tus via convoy
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
vie support bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
remove boh
remove bre
build Fleet kie
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal support kie move den
bel hold
ber move sil
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move ank
eng support nrg move nth
gas support par move bre
gre move aeg
kie move den
lvn move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun hold
nth support lon
nrg move nth
par move bre
rom support ven move tus
rum support ank move bla
ser support bul move rum
ska move den
smy support con move ank
stp move mos
swe support ska move den
tri support vie move bud
tus hold
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army/dislodged tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
nth move hol
rum move sev
tus move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support kie move den
bel support hol
bla move bul/ec
bud hold
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol move nth
kie move den
lvn move bal
gol support gas move spa
mun hold
nth support eng move lon
nwy hold
pie move tus
por support wes move spa
rom move tys
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tus move ven
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gal
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army rom
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
bal support kie move den
bla move bul/ec
bud support tri move ser
con move bla
den hold
eng move lon
gas move spa
hol support den move nth
kie move den
lon support den move nth
gol support gas move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support eng move lon
por support wes move spa
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move ser
tus move ven
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support kie move den
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud support sev move rum
den move swe
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tys move rom
wal move lon
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
rum move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den support bal move swe
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
lon move nth
lvp move yor
gol move mar
mos support stp move lvn
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev support war move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den support bal move swe
gas support gol move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion support gre move aeg
lvn support ukr move war
gol move mar
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support spa/sc move mar
ser support bud move rum
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
con support smy move aeg
eas support smy move aeg
gas support pic move bre
hol move bel
ion support aeg move eas
lon support nth move eng
gol move mar
mos support nwy move stp
mun support tyr
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie support ven move tyr
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev support mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support vie move tri
tys support spa/sc move gol
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
eas move smy
stp move lvn
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bel hold
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
den support swe
eas move aeg
eng support nat move mid
gas move bur
gre move ser
ion support eas move aeg
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move spa/nc
mos support sil move war
mun support boh move tyr
nat move mid
pie support gol move mar
sev support mos
sil move war
smy support con move aeg
swe support den
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie hold
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bel hold
ber move mun
boh support tyr move vie
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move mid
gre support con move aeg
ion move gre
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
pie move mar
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy support con move aeg
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb support ion move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bud support ser move rum
bul support gre
bur move bel
den support swe
eas move aeg
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
ion move gre
lon move nth
mid move bre
mun support boh move tyr
nth move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa/nc move por
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
eas move syr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove syr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion
bel support pic move bur
bla support bul move rum
bre support eng move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion hold
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bur
por move mid
ser move rum
sev move mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bel move bur
bre support mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
den hold
eas move ion
gal move bud
gas hold
gre support eas move ion
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move eng
mid hold
mar move bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support ion move gre
swe support den
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
alb support tri
bal move den
bel move bur
bre support mid move eng
bud support vie move tri
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
gre support ion
hel move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion convoy smy move apu
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
nwy support den move swe
par support bel move bur
ruh move kie
ser move alb
smy move apu via convoy
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
swe move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
bre hold
bur move mar
den hold
eng move bel
fin move stp
gas move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie support den
mar move pie
mos support stp
nap hold
nth support eng move bel
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
stp hold
swe support hel move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army mun
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
apu move rom
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move bal
bud hold
bul move gre
den hold
gas move spa
gre move ion
hel support bel move hol
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie support den
mid move spa/nc
mar support gas move spa
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nap support apu move rom
nth support bel move hol
nwy support swe
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bal support bot move swe
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move gre
den hold
fin move stp
gre move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support den
mar move pie
mos support stp
nap support ion move tys
nth support swe move den
nwy support fin move stp
rom support tri move ven
ruh move bel
stp hold
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
kie move ber
tys move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ska move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move pic
den support nwy move swe
fin support nwy move swe
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth support den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ska move den
smy move eas
spa move por
stp hold
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
tun move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support bot move swe
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud hold
den support swe
eas move ion
fin move nwy
hel support kie move hol
hol support ber move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos support stp
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
ruh support ber move kie
ska support stp move nwy
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support den
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet smy
remove wes
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support hol
ber move kie
bot support nwy move swe
bud move tri
den support hel move kie
edi move nrg
fin move stp
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol support tys move wes
mid move por
mar move gas
mun move bur
nth support den
nwy move swe
ruh support kie move hol
ska support bal move den
smy move eas
spa move por
swe move bal
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ven move tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
swe move fin
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ska move den
bel support hol
ber move kie
bot support swe
bud hold
bur move bel
den support fin move swe
eas move ion
fin move swe
gas move bre
hol support kie
kie support den
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh support bur move bel
ska move den
spa move por
swe hold
tys move wes
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move hel
mid move iri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nwy
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support par move pic
eng move bel
fin move swe
hel support kie move den
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move den
gol support spa
mid move por
naf move mid
nth support kie move den
par move pic
spa hold
stp move nwy
tun move naf
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
den support hol move kie
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
gol support spa
mid move iri
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth support den
nwy move swe
pic move bur
tun move ion
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
bel support nth move eng
bur move bel
con move bul
den move bal
fin support nwy move stp
gre move wal via convoy
hel move nth
ion convoy gre move wal
iri convoy gre move wal
kie support den move bal
lvp move nat
mid convoy gre move wal
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pic support bur move bel
smy move con
tys convoy gre move wal
wes convoy gre move wal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
stp move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support fin move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bel
fin move swe
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support spa
mid move iri
mos move war
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
pic move bre
por support wes move mid
rum move ukr
ser move tri
spa hold
stp hold
wal support iri move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move eng
bla convoy con move sev
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
edi move yor
hol support kie
iri support wal move lvp
kie support bal move ber
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move iri
gol support spa
mid move nat
nwy move nth
por support wes move mid
rom move ven
ser move bud
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support rom move ven
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber disband
lvp move cly
ven disband
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support kie
bud move vie
cly support yor move lvp
eng move bre
hol support nth move bel
iri support lvp
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvn support sev move mos
lvp hold
mid move nat
nat move nrg
nth move bel
pic support bel
por move mid
rum move bud
sev move mos
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tys support wes
ukr support sev move mos
wes support tys
yor move lvp
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
