PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
mar move spa
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move ukr
tyr move tri
wal move pic via convoy
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support par move pic
ber move mun
bot move swe
bre support par move pic
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move war
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
smy move eas
spa move gas
swe move ska
tri move alb
tun move gre via convoy
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tun move gre
bel support gas move bur
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support nth move bel
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move spa/nc
mun move bur
nth move bel
pic support gas move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum support war move gal
ser support vie move tri
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tun move gre via convoy
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel support ruh
bud support tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support ska move nth
ion move gre
mid support por move spa
mos move war
mun support ruh
nth move eng
nwy support ska move nth
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh support bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
ska move nth
spa/nc move gas
tri support ser
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel support ruh move bur
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud support alb move tri
bul support gre
bur hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng support bre move pic
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mid support pic move bre
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth move edi
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
tri hold
tyr support alb move tri
ven hold
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
bre move eng
bud support tyr move tri
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
edi support hol move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support ion
hol move nth
kie move hol
mid move bre
mun support ruh move bur
par support mid move bre
pic support mid move bre
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move mar
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
vie support bud
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bla move con
bre support par move gas
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
con move smy
edi support hol move nth
eng move nth
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move tyr
nwy support hol move nth
par move gas
pic move bur
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gas move spa
gre move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support con move smy
bel move bur
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul hold
bur move par
con move smy
den move yor via convoy
edi support den move yor
gal move boh
gas support mar move spa
gre support ser
hol move bel
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy den move yor
pic move par
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move rum
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul
boh move mun
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support ser
hol move nth
mid move por
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pic move par
rum support bul
ser support bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support bud
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud support ser
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
gas move bur
gre support ser
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mun support ber
nth move hel
par support gas move bur
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
ser support gre
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move adr
tys move ion
vie support bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh support bur move mun
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
con support bul
edi move yor
gre support ser
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mar move gol
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser support gre
sil support pru move ber
tys move gol
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal convoy pru move kie
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber support pru move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move iri
gal hold
gre support ser
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
mar move gol
mun support kie
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move kie via convoy
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
rum support bul
ser support gre
sil move mun
swe move nwy
tys move tun
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support mun move kie
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng move nth
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mun move kie
nap support ven move rom
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
ska move nwy
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Germany: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con support bul
den support mun move kie
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie support bal move den
lon move yor
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move edi
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
ska support bal move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move vie
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move war
mun move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
bal support mun move kie
ber support mun move kie
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den support swe
eng move lon
gal move rum
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
gol move spa/sc
nwy support swe
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sil move war
ska move nth
swe support den
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move tun
vie move tri
wal support eng move lon
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
rum move bla
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
remove lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
bal move lvn
ber move sil
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move sev via convoy
den support lon move nth
edi move nrg
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par move pic
rom support tri move ven
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser support gre move bul
swe move bot
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr support boh move gal
vie hold
wal move lvp
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move hol
bla support gal move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move bel
den move bal
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
lvn move stp/sc
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mun support tyr
nth support bur move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rom support tri move ven
ruh move hol
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bot support fin move stp
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul support rum
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
gal move bud
ion move tys
iri move mid
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move con
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support sev move rum
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
tyr move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bot move fin
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move bla
den move bal
gal support bla move rum
gas move mid
hol move kie
ion move nap
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom support ion move nap
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
stp/sc support pru move lvn
swe move bot
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support bla move rum
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move pru
bel move nwy via convoy
boh support mun move sil
bud support gal move vie
bul support rum
con move bla
fin support stp/sc
gal move vie
ion support wes move tun
kie move pru via convoy
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser support vie move tri
stp/sc support fin
tri move adr
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move gal
bot support nwy move stp
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move ank
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support sil move war
gol support wes move tys
nth move den
nwy move stp
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
rum support bud move gal
ser move gre
sil move war
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus support ven move rom
tys move ion
ukr support war move mos
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
