PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mos move stp
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
gal move bud
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
mun move sil
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tun
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
ser support vie move bud
sev hold
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move naf
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel support nth
ber move sil
bla support rum
bot move swe
bud hold
bul hold
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
gre hold
gol support wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
por hold
pru support war
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move tri
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tus
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
remove sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move nth
ber move mun
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
fin support bot move swe
gol support wes
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
por hold
pru move war
rum move ukr
sil support pru move war
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bar support edi move nwy
ber move mun
bla move sev
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gol move tys
mid support por move naf
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move naf via convoy
pru move war
rum move bud
sil support pru move war
ska support den move swe
stp support war move mos
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tys move wes
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army edi
remove fin
remove mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal move kie
bar hold
ber move mun
boh support mun move tyr
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
edi hold
gre move ser
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pru move ber
sev move bla
sil move gal
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
war support sil move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
den support ber move kie
edi move stp via convoy
gal support boh move vie
kie move hol
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap hold
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move ven
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support bud
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tun support gol move tys
tyr support boh move vie
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
remove naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar hold
bla support sev
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move hel
edi move bel via convoy
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie hold
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
nap hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg hold
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum support gal move ukr
ser move tri
sev support gal move ukr
sil move gal
spa move naf via convoy
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
bar hold
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move ser
edi move bel via convoy
gal move bud
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie support hel move hol
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move ukr
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg hold
rom support ion move nap
rum support bud
sev support ukr
tri support bud
tun support tys
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun
ukr hold
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud hold
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gal support war move ukr
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg convoy edi move stp
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support ukr
smy move aeg
tun hold
tyr support tri
ukr hold
ven move rom
vie support gal
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bar hold
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bud hold
bul support rum
gal support tri move bud
ion move adr
kie move hol
lvn move war
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move stp
rom support ven
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move tus
ukr move rum
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bar move nrg
bla support rum
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
gal support war move ukr
gre move ion
hol move bel
iri support mid move eng
lvn move war
lvp support nrg move nat
mid move eng
mar support tus move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie hold
por move mid
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support tri
sev support rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support pie
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel move eng
bla support sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre move alb
ion move tys
iri move eng
lvp support nat move iri
mid move gas
mar hold
mos support ukr
naf hold
nat move iri
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum hold
ser support tri
sev support rum
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
iri move mid
mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove naf
remove rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
bel support lon move eng
bla support sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas support eng move bre
iri support lon move eng
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid support eng move bre
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
par move bre
pie move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support rum
spa support gol move mar
swe hold
tys move tus
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre support gas
bud support rum
bur move gas
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas support mid
hol move kie
iri support eng move mid
gol support spa move mar
mid support bre
mar support bur move gas
mos move sev
nth support wal move eng
par move bre
pie support mar
rum support mos move sev
swe hold
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb support ser
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ser
con support bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move spa
iri move mid
lvp move nat
gol support spa
mid move naf
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pic support eng move bre
pie support tri move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
spa hold
swe hold
tri move ven
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ser
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser
bur move gas
con support bul
gal support rum
gas move spa
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
naf move tun
nat hold
nth move lon
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie support tri move ven
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
spa move por
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: fleet/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support ser
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ser
con support bul
edi move nrg
gal support rum
gas move bur
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa
mun move kie
nat move mid
pie move ven
por support gol move spa
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun move tys
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser
bur move bel
con move ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
ion move nap
kie move den
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos support rum move sev
nrg convoy edi move nwy
por support gol move spa
rom support tys move nap
rum move sev
sev move rum
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr support rum move sev
ven support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove por
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank move arm
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ser
edi hold
ion move nap
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid move por
mar support spa
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nrg hold
nwy move stp
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
spa support mid move por
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul support ser
edi move nrg
eng hold
gal support rum
ion move alb
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap hold
nrg move bar
por hold
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys support nap move rom
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bla support bul
bul hold
edi move stp via convoy
eng move mid
gal support rum
gre support alb
ion move eas
lon move eng
lvn move war
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie hold
por hold
rum support ser
ser support tri move alb
sev support rum
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move smy
bar hold
bel hold
bla support bul
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
eas move smy
eng hold
gal move rum
gre support alb
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid hold
mar support spa
mos support sev
nap hold
nrg hold
pie move tyr
por hold
rom support ven move apu
rum support ser
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support ser
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move nap
arm move smy
bar move nwy
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul hold
den move yor via convoy
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion support nap
lvn move war
mid move iri
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move edi
por hold
rom support apu move nap
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
swe move den
tri support ser
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
England: army/dislodged ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move ser
apu move nap
arm support sev
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move kie
edi move yor
gal support sil move war
gre move alb
ion support nap
iri move lvp
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap support ion
nth support yor move edi
nwy move nth
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rom support apu move nap
ser support rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move con
tri support ser
ukr support rum
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
rum disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support rum
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
edi support lon move nth
eng support yor move lon
gal move bud
gre support alb
ion support nap
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mos support sev move ukr
mun move kie
nap hold
nth move edi
nwy support lon move nth
por hold
pru support war
rom support apu move nap
rum support sev move ukr
ser support ukr move rum
sev move ukr
smy move con
tri support gal move bud
ukr move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
ukr move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
apu move nap
bal support ska move den
bla support rum
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal support war
gre support alb
ion support nap
lon hold
lvn support ukr move war
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy support den move swe
pic move bel
por move spa/nc
pru support war
rom support apu move nap
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev move ukr
ska move den
spa hold
tri support ser
ukr move war
wal support nth move lon
war support gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army mun
remove sev
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal support war move ukr
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion support nap
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri support ser
ukr support lvn move war
wal move eng
war move ukr
yor support lon move nth
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
swe move fin
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
apu move nap
bal move lvn
bel support kie move hol
bla support rum
bud support ser
bul move ser
con support bul
den support swe
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move war
gre support alb
ion support nap
kie move hol
mos support war
nap hold
nth support yor move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support gal move war
rom support apu move nap
rum move gal
sil support gal move war
spa move por
tri support ser
ukr support war
war support rum move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
gal move vie
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move nap
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul support con move rum
cly hold
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
edi move cly
fin support nwy move swe
gal support war
gre support alb
hol move hel
ion support nap
lvn move bot
mid support por move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap hold
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
spa move por
swe move fin
tri move alb
ukr support war
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
spa move mar
swe move bal
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
bla support rum
boh move gal
bot support den move swe
bud move rum
bul support rum
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi move cly
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support mar move spa
gre support alb
hel move den
ion support nap
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
nap hold
nth move bel
pru support gal move war
rom support apu move nap
rum hold
ser hold
sil support gal move war
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri support ser
ukr move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
