PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bre move mid
con move bul via convoy
mar move spa
nap move tys
par move bur
smy move syr via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bul hold
mid move eng
rom move tun via convoy
spa move por
syr hold
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm via convoy
bul move rum via convoy
bur move bel
con move bla
eng move lon
mar move bur
por move spa
rom move tun via convoy
syr move arm via convoy
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm via convoy
bel move hol
bur hold
eng move lon
rom move tun via convoy
rum hold
spa hold
syr hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support sev move rum
bur move mun
eng convoy bre move lon
hol move kie
mar move gol
rom move tun via convoy
rum move sev via convoy
spa move gas
syr hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm via convoy
arm hold
bla move sev
bre move wal
bur move bel
gas move bur
hol move kie
gol move tys
rom move tun via convoy
rum move sev via convoy
syr hold
tys convoy rom move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm move sev via convoy
bel move ruh
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move pic
eng move mid
hol move kie
rum move sev via convoy
syr hold
tys move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy via convoy
arm move sev via convoy
hol move kie
mid move wes
pic move bel
rum move sev via convoy
syr hold
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bla move con
hol move kie
ion convoy tun move gre
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ser via convoy
smy hold
syr move smy
tun move gre via convoy
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con via convoy
bel move ruh
con move aeg
kie move den
ruh move kie
ser hold
smy move con via convoy
syr move smy via convoy
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move con
bre move gas
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gre hold
ion support gre
kie support ruh move mun
mar move pie
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser move gre
smy move gre
syr move arm
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bul move gre via convoy
bur move mar
den move kie
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
pie move tus
ser hold
tri support gre move ser
tys hold
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
gol move wes
mun move tyr
par move pic
pie move ven
rom move tus
ser move bud
smy move con
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tus support pie move ven
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gre move ser
ion move tun
mid move wes
mun move boh
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom move tus
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tus support pie move ven
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move bla
arm move ank
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
ion convoy rom move gre
mid move wes
mun move tyr
pie support tus move ven
rom move gre via convoy
rum move bud
ser hold
sil move gal
tri move bud
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bla convoy ank move sev
bul move rum
gre hold
gol hold
mar move pie
mun move boh
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser hold
sil move pru
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri disband
tun disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bre move pic
bul move ser
edi move nth
gre move alb
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar hold
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move apu
rum move bud
ser hold
tri hold
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
apu hold
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move par
gal move sil
ion move adr
mar move gas
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move apu
sil move ber
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support rom move apu
vie move boh
wal move bre via convoy
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank move con
apu move rom
bel move lon via convoy
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh hold
bre support mid move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
gas hold
ion move tys
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nwy move ska
par hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil move ber
tri hold
ven move tyr
wal move pic
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel move lon via convoy
boh hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move iri
gas move bur
ion move aeg
kie move den
nap hold
nth move den
par move pic
ruh move hol
ser hold
ska move swe
tyr move vie
ukr move war
vie move gal
wal move yor
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
eng support pic move lon
gal move war
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon support eng
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move eng
par hold
pic move lon via convoy
rom move ven
rum move ukr
swe move bot
tri hold
ukr move mos
vie hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move sil
bud hold
bul move gre via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
iri move lvp
lon move eng
nth support eng move lon
nrg move bar
rum move sev via convoy
ser hold
sil move pru
tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move boh
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
