PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
pic support eng move bel
ruh move hol
rum move sev
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla support rum
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gal support sev move rum
kie move hol
mar hold
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rum support bul move ser
sev move rum
spa support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
bel move nth
bla support arm move sev
bul move gre
den hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move rum
hol move yor
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun hold
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move nrg
pic move wal
rum support arm move sev
ser support bul move gre
sev support gal move rum
ska move nwy
spa move por
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move wal
gal support sev move rum
gre support ser
hol hold
ion support aeg
mun hold
nth support yor move edi
nrg hold
nwy move ska
por move spa
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support con move aeg
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
wal move yor
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support sev
bul move rum
con move aeg
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
gal support rum
gre support ser
hol hold
ion support aeg
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp move yor
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nth hold
nrg move nwy
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
ska support swe move den
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
vie support tri move bud
wal move lon
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support sev move rum
con move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng support bel
gal support rum
gre support ser
hol move nth
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
lon move wal
lvp move cly
mar move bur
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move edi
nwy support ska move nth
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
ska move nth
tri move ser
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move sil
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move hol
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
con support smy move aeg
den move kie
eas support smy move aeg
eng move lon
gal move rum
gre support alb move ser
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos move sev
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove cly
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
remove sev
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur support bel
con support bul
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move nth
gre support alb move ser
hel support den move kie
hol support edi move nth
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ion
nrg move bar
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sil move mun
tri support ser
ven move adr
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bar support nth move nwy
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
bud support ser
bur support bel
eng convoy pic move lon
hel support kie
hol support ruh move kie
kie support sil move ber
lon move yor
lvp support yor move edi
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move lon
ruh move kie
sev support rum
sil move ber
tri support adr move alb
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove eas
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move gre
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber support mun
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur support mun
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng support yor move nth
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support hol
lon hold
lvp move edi
mun support ber
nap move ion
nwy support bar move stp/nc
rum support ser move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
war move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support hol
ber hold
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur support bel
con support bul
eas move aeg
edi hold
eng move iri
gre support bul
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move mun
lon hold
mid hold
mun support ber
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre move eng
bul support con
bur support mun
con support bul
eas move smy
edi hold
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri move nat
kie move hol
lon hold
mid support iri move nat
mar move gas
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
tyr support mun
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
bar convoy edi move stp
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support con
bur support mun
con move bul/ec
eas move smy
edi move stp
eng support nth
gal support rum move bud
gas hold
hel move den
hol hold
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
mid hold
mun hold
nat support nrg
nth support ska move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
rum move bud
ser move rum
sil support ber move mun
ska move den
smy support ank move con
tyr support mun
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
bar move nwy
bel support lon move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
den move kie
eng support bel
gal support sev move rum
gas support bur
hol support den move kie
lon move hol
mid hold
mun hold
nat hold
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg support nth
rom move nap
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp move mos
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
rum move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
bel move ruh
ber support boh move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support mun
con move smy
den move hel
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas move nwy
hol move kie
ion convoy nap move gre
mid convoy gas move nwy
mos move war
mun move bur
nat convoy gas move nwy
nth move hel
nrg convoy gas move nwy
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser move rum
smy support aeg move con
tri support bud
tyr support vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
smy move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove nap
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bre move bel
bud support ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move smy
eng convoy bre move bel
gal move war
ion move gre
kie support bur move mun
mid support par move bre
mar move bur
mos support gal move war
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bre
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc
smy support bla move con
swe move ska
tri support bud
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support bla move con
bar support stp
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support mun
den support kie
eas move smy
eng move nth
gre support bul/sc
hol support ruh move kie
kie support ber move mun
mos hold
mun support pru move ber
nth move den
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move rum
ska support nth move den
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move vie
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
den disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bar hold
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
con support smy
den move swe
eas move smy
hol move kie
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move war
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pic move bel
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska move nth
smy support con
stp move lvn
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bar support nwy move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh move sil
bre move naf
bud support rum
bur support mun
eas move smy
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid convoy bre move naf
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move kie
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move bot
vie support gal
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
