PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support rum
con support ank move bla
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
ser hold
sev move arm
smy support con
spa move gas
swe move ska
tri support ven
ukr support mos move sev
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move hol
bla support smy move arm
bre move eng
bud support ser
bur move mar
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move hel
mun move bur
nth support bel move hol
par support gas move bur
por move mid
ruh support mun move bur
ser support bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska support swe move den
smy move arm
swe move den
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove mun
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel support ruh move hol
hol support den move kie
kie support ruh move hol
lon move pic via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
nap move tys
nth support hol
nrg support nth
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
ska support stp/nc move nwy
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support ukr move rum
bur move par
den move kie
eng move bre
gre move bul
hel support kie move den
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
mos support sev
nth support hol
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pic support eng move bre
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
ska move swe
tri move ven
tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move eng
ber support den move kie
bla support ser move bul
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
gas move bre
hol move bel
kie support ruh move mun
mos support sev
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support tun move wes
vie move bud
war move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move gre
den support kie
eng move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol support nth
kie hold
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nth hold
nwy hold
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move alb
tyr move pie
tys move ion
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bre support par
bul support alb move gre
den move nth
eng move bre
gre support bul
ion support alb move gre
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy support den move nth
par support bre
pic support bel move bur
pie move mar
rum support war move gal
ser support bul
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa/sc support mar
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
tyr move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move nat
mar move bur
nth move bel
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
pie support tri move tyr
ruh support nth move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move sev
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank move smy
bel move eng
boh move vie
bre support par move pic
bud support vie
bul support gre move con
bur move bel
con support ank move smy
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre move con via convoy
lon support mid move eng
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth support bel move eng
par move pic
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bel support nth
bla support smy move ank
boh move mun
bre move bel
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur support bre move bel
con support bul
edi support nrg move nth
eng convoy bre move bel
gal support tri move bud
hol move kie
lon support nrg move nth
mun move ruh
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
pic support bre move bel
ruh support boh move mun
rum support tri move bud
ser support bud
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Russia: fleet/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
mun disband
nth move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bel support bur move ruh
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move boh
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move ska
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
tri move bud
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur move pic
con support rum move bul
den move swe
edi support nth
eng support bel
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
mar move gas
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move gas
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move rum
ska move nwy
smy support bul move con
tyr support vie
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
bud support rum
bul move gre
bur support ruh move bel
con support ank move smy
edi support nat move nrg
eng support bel
gal move rum
hol support nrg move nth
ion move eas
kie move den
mar move gas
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth hold
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
ska support nth
smy move gre via convoy
tri move vie
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
nth move lon
smy move syr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
bud support gal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support smy
den support swe
eas support syr move smy
edi support ska move nth
eng support bel
gas move mar
hol support bur move bel
lon support ska move nth
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy hold
swe support nwy
syr move smy
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
eas support smy
eng support pic move bel
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hel move den
mar support bur
mun hold
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum support gre move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel support bur move ruh
bur move ruh
con support arm move smy
den move nth
edi support nrg
eng support bel
fin move stp
gre move bul
hol support den move nth
kie move ber
lon support nth
mar move bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
ruh support mun
rum support gre move bul
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
ruh move kie
smy disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
