PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support ser
con support bla
den support kie
gal move boh
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie support den
lon move wal
mun support vie move tyr
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con support bla
den move swe
eng support bur move bel
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie move bal
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pic support bur move bel
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank move rum via convoy
bal move swe
bel support bur
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support tri
bur support bel
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic support bel
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bar move nrg
bla move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support tri
bur support hol move bel
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move lvp
mos move war
mun support bur
nth move bel
pic move par
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move mos
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ion move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support nap move ion
bel support bur
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud support tri
bur hold
con move bul
eng support pic
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move cly
pic support par
rum move ukr
ser move alb
sev move mos
swe move bal
tri hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tyr
apu support ion move nap
bal support kie move ber
bel move eng
bla hold
boh move sil
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move gas
cly move lvp
den move swe
eng support wal move lon
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
mar support par move bur
mos hold
mun hold
nap move rom
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por hold
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support lvn move war
vie support ser move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove sil
remove tyr
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
apu move rom
bal convoy swe move pru
bel support lon move eng
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move bre
gas move par
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
nap support apu move rom
pic move par
por move spa/nc
rom move tys
stp move nwy
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ven
tun move wes
ukr move gal
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gas move par
ion move tun
mar move spa
mos support war
nap move apu
nth support wal move eng
nwy move stp
pic move par
por support eng move mid
pru move war
rom move apu
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support pru move war
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven move adr
vie move bud
wal move eng
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move sev via convoy
bal move pru
bel move pic
bla convoy ank move sev
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas support mun move bur
ion move adr
lon move eng
mid move naf
mar support spa
mos support war
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
pic move par
por support eng move mid
pru move war
rom support nap move apu
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb support tri
apu support adr move ven
bal convoy pru move swe
bla move con
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move par
eng move bre
gas move bre
hol hold
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move eng
par support bre
pic support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
pru move swe via convoy
rom support adr move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move boh
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support ser move tri
war hold
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bre support bur move par
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol support pic move bel
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos hold
nth move nrg
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ser move bud
smy move eas
stp support swe move lvn
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven move apu
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move tyr
par move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move ber
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
eas move ion
gal move boh
gas support spa
gre move alb
hol move hel
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos hold
mun support tyr
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
por move spa/sc
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
stp support swe move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tyr support mun
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
tri move vie
tyr disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move gal
bud move gal
con move bul
hel support kie
ion move nap
kie support ber
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tus
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
gas move par
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie hold
mid support spa/sc
mos move lvn
nap move tys
nrg move bar
par move bre
pie support mar
rom support ion move tys
sev move mos
sil support ber
stp move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes move tys
tus move gol
tyr support mun
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
