PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot support lvn move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
lon hold
lvn move swe
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa move por
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move den
lon hold
mar move gol
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move bul
swe support kie move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul
gre support bul
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos support pru move war
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru move war
rum hold
sev hold
spa hold
stp hold
tys support wes move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support bre move eng
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ser
tus move pie
tys support gol move wes
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bel support yor move hol
bla support bul move rum
bot support lvn move stp
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre move bul
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support stp
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy hold
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move sev
wes support tys move gol
yor move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
hol move kie
sev move arm
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel support bre move eng
bla move arm
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mar
con hold
den move hel
fin move swe
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy support con
spa support bur move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move adr
tun support mid move wes
tus move pie
ukr move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bal move swe
bel hold
bla move arm
bot support bal move swe
bud move vie
bur move par
con hold
den support bal move swe
eng move mid
gre support bul
hol hold
lon hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos hold
nth move den
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
sev move arm
smy support con
spa move mar
swe hold
tun support wes move tys
tus hold
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move swe
bel support nth move hol
bla move arm
bot support stp move fin
bul move con
con hold
den hold
hol move ruh
ion move eas
kie support den
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol move tus
mid move bre
mos move stp
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move gas
pie support gol move tus
rom hold
sev move arm
smy support con
stp move fin
swe hold
tun move ion
tus move pie
tys support gol move tus
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal support kie
bel hold
bla support con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move con
con support smy
den support kie
eas move smy
fin support bot move swe
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie hold
mar move spa
nth move den
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr support sil move mun
tys move rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet tri
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bal support kie
bel hold
ber move mun
bul move con
con support ank
den support kie
fin move nwy
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie hold
mid move bre
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move den
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank hold
apu move nap
arm move ank
bal move den
bel hold
bre hold
bud move tri
bur move bel
con support arm move ank
den move hel
eng support mid move bre
hol support ruh move kie
kie hold
mid move bre
mar hold
mun support kie
nap support tus move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
rom support apu move nap
ruh move kie
rum move bul
smy hold
spa move mar
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tus move rom
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army/dislodged bre
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove eng
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
apu move ven
ber move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
gas support mar move spa
hel move hol
hol support nth
ion move tun
kie support hel move hol
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel move eng
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bre hold
bul move ser
den move nth
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel move hol
hol support nth move hel
ion support rom move nap
kie support mun move ruh
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap support tus move rom
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
por move spa
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move gal
spa hold
stp support nwy
swe move bal
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet/dislodged hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
hel move den
nap move tys
ruh disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
boh move tyr
bur move bel
den move hel
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie hold
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move lon
nwy move lon
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support bur move bel
ser move tri
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
den move hel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mar move bur
mun hold
naf move mid
nth support ruh move hol
por move spa
ruh move hol
tun move naf
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move wal
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mun hold
naf move mid
nth convoy nwy move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move yor
spa move por
swe move nwy
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ber support mun
mid hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
spa/sc move mid
tun move naf
wal move lvp
wes support naf move mid
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
