PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support mar move bur
bla hold
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support bur move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move bur
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par support mar move bur
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ser move alb
tri disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support vie move tri
bel support ruh move bur
bla hold
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec hold
bur support tyr move mun
den move swe
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol support bel
iri move lvp
mid move spa/nc
mun support ruh move bur
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy support swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support rum
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
nwy move nth
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla hold
bul/ec move con
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support den
mun support bur
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
spa/nc move por
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
bel move hol
bla hold
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move con
bur support pic move par
con move smy
den move swe
fin move stp
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support mun
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/nc move por
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy support stp/sc
pic move par
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
spa/nc move por
tus move rom
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army mos
remove por
remove ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move bul
bud support tri move ser
bur support gol move mar
con move aeg
edi move nth
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie move den
gol move tys
mid support par move bre
mos move sev
mun support ber
nap move rom
nwy support stp/sc
par move bre
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move pru
smy hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
ank support bla move arm
arm move ank
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bla move arm
boh move tyr
bot support nwy move swe
bud move tri
bur move mun
den support swe
hol move bel
ion move tys
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
stp support bar move nwy
swe support bar move nwy
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
nwy move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ank
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh move sil
bot support ska move swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tys
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap hold
nwy support swe move ska
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move bla
ska move swe
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
swe move ska
tun support ion move tys
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support den
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul support bla move con
con move bul
den support swe
gre support rum move ser
hol move bel
iri move mid
lvn move mos
gol support spa move mar
mid move nat
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth support ska move den
nwy move ska
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser support con move bul
ska move den
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe support nwy move ska
tri move bud
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
mar move bur
mun move kie
rom move ven
ser move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support den
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support con
bur support kie move mun
den support swe
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support bot move stp
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom support tri move ven
ser move tri
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy support ank move con
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys move wes
ven support ser move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
stp move fin
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy move con
bal convoy den move swe
bel move hol
ber support mun
bud move rum
bul support con
bur move mar
den move swe via convoy
fin support den move swe
gas move par
ion move gre
lvp hold
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pic move bre
rom support ven
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move con
swe move den
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support smy move con
bal move bot
ber support mun
bre move par
bul move con
con move bla
den hold
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par move gas
por move mid
rom support ven
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support con
arm move bla
bal move bot
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support sev move arm
boh support sil move mun
bre support bel move pic
bul move gre
con hold
edi hold
eng support bre
hol move nth
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
par support mid move bre
pie support tri move ven
rom support ven
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp/sc move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support alb move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
remove gre
build Fleet lvp
remove sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move syr
ber support mun
bla support bul move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bre move par
bul move con
con hold
den move ska
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gre move alb
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support den move ska
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic support bre move par
pie move tyr
rom move ven
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy support con
swe move fin
tri support rom move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bla support bul move con
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mar
con support smy
eng hold
fin move stp
iri support bre move mid
kie support ber
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun support sil move ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie support bur move mar
rom move ven
sil move ber
ska support nrg move nwy
smy support ank move arm
syr support arm move smy
tri move alb
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
mid move wes
mar move gas
smy disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army mos
remove nth
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support smy move ank
boh move vie
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move mid
fin support nwy
gas support par move bur
iri hold
kie support ber
lvp hold
mid move por
mar hold
mos move stp
nwy support edi move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
sil support mun
ska move den
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bot
syr move smy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move smy
bar support stp/nc
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bot support fin move stp
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move bal
fin move stp
gas support bur move mar
iri convoy lvp move spa
kie move mun
lvp move spa via convoy
mid convoy lvp move spa
mar support mun move bur
mos support stp/nc
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
por support lvp move spa
ruh support kie move mun
sil move pru
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support kie move mun
tys move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove pie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move arm
bal support ber move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bot support stp
bur move pic
con move aeg
gas move par
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos support bar move stp
mun support sil
nap move rom
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
por hold
pru move sil
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil support ber move pru
smy move con
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr move boh
ven move alb via convoy
vie move tyr
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move lvn
ven move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ion
arm move rum via convoy
bal support stp move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
gas move bre
lvn support war
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support sil
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support pru move war
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ven support tus move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support lvn
bla move con
boh move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
gas move spa
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
tys support apu move nap
ven support tri move tyr
vie support rum move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move pru
bel move ruh
boh hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal support mos move war
ion move nap
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support war
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth move eng
par move bur
pie hold
rom hold
rum move bud
sil support war
spa hold
stp/sc support lvn
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos move war
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr move boh
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
pie move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move sil
bud move tri
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
ion move apu
lvn move war
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos move lvn
mun support tyr move boh
nap move rom
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sev support mos
sil support tyr move boh
spa hold
stp/sc support ber move lvn
tyr move boh
tys support nap move rom
ukr move war
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
rom move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bal support lvn
boh move gal
bur support ruh move mun
gal support vie move boh
ion move tys
lvn support war move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
pie move gol
pru move war
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
spa hold
tri support tyr
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
ber move pru
boh move sil
bur support ruh move mun
gal support ukr move war
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol support tun move tys
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support adr move ion
pie move tyr
rom support tun move tys
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support war
spa hold
stp/sc support lvn
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support tys move rom
war support sil
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
rom move tus
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move sil
bur support ruh move mun
eng hold
gal support war
ion convoy spa move gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support mos move war
gol support pie
mos move war
mun move boh
nap support tus move rom
pie move tyr
pru support mos move war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mos move war
spa move gre via convoy
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys convoy spa move gre
ukr support sev move mos
ven support rom move tus
war move lvn
wes convoy spa move gre
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move sil
eng move mid
gal support boh move sil
ion move eas
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support war
gol move tus
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move boh
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru support war
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
spa hold
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ukr support mos move war
ven move apu
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move ven
ber support mun move sil
boh move gal
bud move vie
bur support kie move mun
eas support tun move ion
gal support sil move war
kie move mun
lvn support war
mid hold
mos support sil move war
mun move sil
pru support war
rom support spa move nap
sev support mos
sil move war
spa move nap via convoy
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support apu move ven
tys convoy spa move nap
ukr support sil move war
ven hold
war support boh move gal
wes convoy spa move nap
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support war move gal
eas move aeg
gal support mos move war
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move mun
lvn support pru move war
mid move eng
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
pie hold
pru move war
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil support war move gal
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy lon move bul
ber move pru
boh support gal move vie
bud move ser
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bul
gal move vie
gre support lon move bul
ion convoy lon move bul
kie move ruh
lon move bul via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mid convoy lon move bul
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
pie hold
pru move war
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
tri support gal move vie
tyr move vie
tys convoy lon move bul
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes convoy lon move bul
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tyr move vie
bul hold
con move smy
eng move mid
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support pru move war
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
pie hold
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
sev move bla
sil support war move gal
tri support gre move ser
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support mun move tyr
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move con
aeg convoy tri move con
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
eng hold
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
ion convoy tri move con
iri move mid
lvn support pru move war
mid move por
mos move war
pie hold
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
sil support pru move war
smy support bla move con
tri move con via convoy
tyr support gal move vie
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
England: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move eas
ber move pru
boh support vie
bud support rum move ser
bul support rum move ser
con move aeg
eng hold
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
ion move apu
lon hold
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mid move wes
mos support gal move war
por move mid
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil support war move gal
smy support con move aeg
tri move bud
tyr support adr move ven
ven move apu
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
England: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
gal move ukr
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
England: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
boh move gal
bul move con
eas support ion move aeg
eng convoy lon move tun
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion move aeg
lon move tun via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mid convoy lon move tun
mos move war
mun move boh
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support bud
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
tus move gol
ukr support mos move war
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
wes convoy lon move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
England: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support ser move gre
con support gre move bul
eas support aeg
eng hold
gal move ukr
gre move bul
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol hold
mid hold
mos move sev
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move con
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move adr
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move syr
aeg move gre
arm move syr
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
eas convoy tri move syr
eng hold
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
ion convoy tri move syr
gol convoy tun move mar
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
pic move bre
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move con
tri move syr via convoy
tun move mar via convoy
tyr move vie
tys move nap
vie move bud
war move mos
wes convoy tun move mar
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
arm move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move smy
den move nth
eas support con move smy
eng move nth
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul
ion support bul move gre
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move hel
rum support gre move bul
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
tyr move pie
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
smy move syr
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
England: supply bul
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
alb move syr via convoy
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
bul move con
den move kie
eas support smy
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre move bul
hel support eng move nth
hol move kie
ion move nap
gol move mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
nap move tys
pie move ven
rum move ser
ser move tri
smy support aeg move con
syr support arm move smy
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support sev
vie support ser move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
