PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support yor move nwy
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
hol hold
kie support hol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
ruh move hol
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support mun
ven hold
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mun support pru move ber
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber disband
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move syr via convoy
bel support ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
eas convoy apu move syr
eng move wal
gal support bul move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
ion convoy apu move syr
kie hold
lvp move iri
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support hol
nwy move nrg
por move mid
ruh support mun move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
smy hold
swe hold
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
vie support gal
war support ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bel move hol
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
den support kie
eas support syr move smy
eng move iri
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri support nrg move nat
kie support ber move mun
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie move mar
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support arm move syr
syr move smy
tyr support ber move mun
ukr support sev
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
bul move con
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove lon
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support kie move ruh
ber move mun
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
den move kie
eas support smy
eng move mid
gre hold
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mun support ruh move bur
nat support iri move mid
nth move lon
par move gas
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support gal
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mar
swe move ska
syr support con move smy
tri move ser
tyr support ber move mun
ukr hold
vie support gal
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
boh move tyr
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal support rum move ukr
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mun move bur
nat move lvp
par move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
syr move smy
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie support gal
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
build Army kie
remove por
build Fleet rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud support gal
bur support bel move pic
con hold
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng support iri move mid
gal support ukr
gas support par
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol support mar
mar support spa/nc
mos support sev
mun move boh
nat support edi move lvp
par support gas
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev hold
sil support war
ska move nth
tri move vie
tyr move pie
ukr support rum move sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support ukr move sev
bud support gal
bul/sc hold
bur move pic
eng move bre
gal support vie move boh
gas support par
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move spa/nc
mar support pie move spa
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move iri
nth support lon move eng
par support gas
pic hold
pie move spa via convoy
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
sev support mos move ukr
sil move gal
spa/nc support mar move gas
tri move ser
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
spa/nc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove nth
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
bur move gas
con hold
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol move bel
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mos support ukr
mun move boh
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh support ber move mun
rum support gal move ukr
ser support tri
sev support gal move ukr
sil move gal
spa move gas
tri support vie
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ukr support sil move gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support sil move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
boh support sil move gal
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
bur support bel
con hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support wal move bre
iri support mid
mar support spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
naf support wes move mid
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move ven
por support mid
ruh support bel
rum support bud move gal
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support wes move mid
tri support vie
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
wal move bre via convoy
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move pic
ber support mun
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
bur support bel move pic
con hold
eng convoy wal move gas
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
iri support mid
mid convoy wal move gas
mar move bur
mos support gal move ukr
naf move mid
par support wal move gas
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support mid
ruh support bur
rum support gal move ukr
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move mos
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move gal
vie support bud move gal
wal move gas via convoy
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
ber move sil
bre move pic
bur support gas
con hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas support mid move spa
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support gal move war
naf move mid
par support bre move pic
pic hold
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support mos
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support war move mos
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: fleet/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move bel
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
boh support vie move gal
con hold
eng support mid
gal move war
gas move mar
iri move mid
lvn move war
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mos support gal move war
naf support spa/sc move mid
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support mar
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev support mos
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support boh
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war move pru
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh support pru move sil
bre hold
bur support gas move mar
con hold
eng support iri move mid
gal support pru move sil
gas move mar
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun move boh
naf move mid
nat support iri move mid
par support bre
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support ber move pru
stp support lvn
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre support gas
bur move par
con hold
eng move bre
gal hold
gas support bur move par
lvn move stp
gol support spa/nc
mid support gas
mar support spa/nc
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
nat support mid
par support gas
pic support eng move bre
pie support mar
por support mid
pru move bal
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa/nc support naf move mid
tri support vie
tyr move mun
vie support tri
war support sil
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support ber
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move mar
con hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support mid move spa
kie support ber
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
nat support mid
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp move nwy
tri hold
vie support tri
war move pru
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move sil
bre support mid
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con hold
fin support stp/sc
gas support por move spa
kie support bal move ber
gol support spa/nc
mid support por move spa
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nwy support mos move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
sev hold
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp/sc hold
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move swe
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support gas
bur move pic
con hold
fin support nrg move nwy
gal move vie
gas support par move bur
hol support kie
lvn move stp
gol support spa/nc
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por support mid
pru support ber
ruh support par move bur
sil support tyr move mun
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp/sc hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move bot
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move pru
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre support mid
bud move gal
bur move bel
con hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move spa
hol support kie
kie hold
lon move eng
gol support spa/nc
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/nc
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru support ber
ruh support bur move bel
sil support mun
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri hold
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support kie
ber support mun
boh support mun
con hold
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gas move par
hol move nth
iri support eng move mid
gol support spa/nc
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support eng move mid
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sev hold
sil support mun
spa/nc support mid move por
stp support fin move nwy
vie support tri
war support pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove nth
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support kie
bel support ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support pic move par
con hold
kie support ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support gol move wes
pic move par
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bel
sil move ber
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur support mun
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
iri move eng
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy support stp move fin
par support gas move bre
pie move tyr
por support wes move mid
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe move ska
tri move vie
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
bur move mar
mid move iri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove nth
build Army rom
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support kie
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bul/sc hold
bur move ruh
con hold
fin move swe
kie hold
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre move pic
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc move gas
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel support ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support pic move bel
gal support boh
gas move bre
kie support ruh
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
ruh support bel
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
tri support vie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bud support tri
bur move ruh
fin move swe
gal support boh
hol support kie
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun support bur move ruh
nat move nrg
nwy support fin move swe
pic support bel
por move mid
rom move ven
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur support mun
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
gal support boh
hol move kie
kie move lvn via convoy
mid support bre move eng
mos support sev
mun support kie
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie support tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
swe support den
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ven move tri
vie support boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
boh support tri move tyr
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support mid move iri
gal move rum
hol move kie
kie move mun
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sil support kie move mun
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ven support pie move tri
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Italy: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move smy
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con support ion move aeg
den support ber move kie
eng move lon
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie support hel move den
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth support eng move lon
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
