PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
bur move bel
kie move mun
mid move por
nrg move bar
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
tri hold
tys convoy rom move tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
gre support ser move bul
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tri hold
vie move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber support mun
bla support rum
bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gal support bud move rum
gas hold
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mid move wes
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tys move ion
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move war
mun move bur
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy hold
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla support bul
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
eas convoy tun move syr
eng support hol move bel
gre move aeg
ion convoy tun move syr
iri move mid
mos move ukr
mun move bur
par move bre
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev support mos move ukr
smy support con move aeg
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun move syr via convoy
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
bel support bur move ruh
bla support bul
bud move gal
bur move ruh
eas support syr move smy
eng move bre
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn hold
gol move mar
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move ank via convoy
sil support pru move war
smy hold
spa move por
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
syr move smy
tri move vie
ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
smy move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
eas support smy
eng move nth
gal hold
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ruh
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support war
ska support eng move nth
spa move gas
tys move ion
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army nap
remove por
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bel move ruh
bul hold
bur support tyr move mun
con support aeg move smy
eas support smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support ruh
lon move pic via convoy
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bre
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser support bul
sev move ank via convoy
sil support war
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
war support sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla convoy sev move ank
boh support kie move mun
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support aeg
eas convoy nap move smy
eng support pic move bel
ion convoy nap move smy
kie move mun
mid hold
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move smy via convoy
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support kie move mun
rum move gal
ser support bul move gre
sev move ank via convoy
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move ank
ukr support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ion disband
mun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
remove nth
build Fleet rom
remove sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel hold
bla move ank
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con support rum move bul
den move kie
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bel
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
lon move yor
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support ruh move kie
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move con
stp support mos
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
bel support bur move ruh
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support bel
gal support ukr
gre move ser
hol support den move kie
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ruh move kie
nrg move nth
nwy move fin
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy support bul move con
stp support mos
tys move gol
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber move kie
bla support mos move sev
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eng move nth
fin support mos move stp
gal hold
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
lvn move mos
gol support ven move pie
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move hel
pic move bur
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev support lvn move mos
sil move war
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tri move adr
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
con hold
den move kie
eng move nth
fin support stp
gal move sil
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
gol convoy rom move mar
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
nth move ska
pie support rom move mar
rom move mar via convoy
rum hold
sev move ukr
stp hold
tys convoy rom move mar
ukr move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bul/ec support ank move con
con support rum move bul
fin support stp
gal move vie
hel support kie
ion hold
kie hold
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nwy move den via convoy
pie move mar
rum move bul
sil support mun
ska convoy nwy move den
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh move gal
bul move rum
con hold
den support kie
fin support stp
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth move eng
sev support bul move rum
ska move swe
smy move ank
spa move por
stp hold
tys hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bre
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
bur move gas
den move kie
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal hold
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
pic move par
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil hold
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support con move smy
bal support den move kie
bel move nth
bur move gas
con move smy
den move kie
eng move bre
fin support stp
gal move ukr
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie support mun
lvn move war
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie
nat support mid move iri
par support eng move bre
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil move war
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: army/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
smy disband
ven disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove nap
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support kie
ber support mun move sil
bre hold
bud move tri
edi move cly
eng support bre
fin move stp
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move wal
lvp support edi move cly
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support ber
nat support iri move lvp
nth move nrg
par support bre
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move ank
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvp
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bal support kie
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
bur support gas move par
cly support nrg move nat
eng move mid
gas move par
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mos support war
mun support ber
nat move cly
nrg move nat
par support bre
rom hold
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal support yor move lvp
war support mos
wes move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet/dislodged nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
mid move wes
nat disband
par move pic
tyr disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
remove wal
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move ber
ber move sil
bre support nat move mid
bud move gal
bur move ruh
cly move nat
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid move por
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nat move mid
nap move tys
par move bur
pic move bel
rom hold
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng move bel
gal move war
iri move wal
kie support bal move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support war
mun support ber
nat move mid
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp move mos
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
war disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support mos
lvp move wal
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom hold
sev support ukr move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc hold
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
mun move bur
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support mun
bre move par
bur support ruh move mun
edi move den via convoy
eng move lon
gal support war
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move mos
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
