PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
gal support sev move rum
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support tyr move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support rum
gre move alb
hol move nth
kie move hel
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move mid
rom support ven
rum hold
ser support tyr move tri
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
edi move nrg
eng convoy pic move wal
fin support bar move nwy
gal move sil
gas move bur
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move gre
kie move mun
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth move lon
pic move wal
rom move apu
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ser
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move alb
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul move rum
eng support wal move lon
fin move swe
gas move bur
gre support smy move aeg
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move alb
lon hold
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nap support ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move boh
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support nwy move swe
eng support bel
gal move war
hol move bel
ion hold
lon hold
lvp hold
mos move war
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth support hol move bel
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rum move sev
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support pie move ven
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bur
build Army con
remove fin
remove gal
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg support gre
alb move ser
apu support pie move ven
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla support rum
bre move mid
con move bul
den move kie
edi support nwy move nth
eng support nrg move nth
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move adr
lon hold
lvp move cly
mar hold
mos move war
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support alb move ser
ukr support sev move rum
ven support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
ser move bud
sev move mos
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
apu move adr
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla support sev
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly support nrg move edi
den move kie
edi hold
eng support bel
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move alb
lon hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move vie
tus support adr move ven
ukr hold
ven hold
war support ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
ser move bud
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove ven
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support sev
bud support adr move tri
cly move nrg
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move bel
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
ukr support mos move sev
vie support adr move tri
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal support swe move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur move bel
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support vie
gre move alb
ion move tun
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth move den
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
rom support tri move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bud
sev support rum
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move sev
vie support alb move tri
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol disband
nth disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
bla support sev
den move kie
gal move bud
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion support alb move adr
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
mun support hol move kie
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
rom hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/nc support nwy
tri support ven move adr
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bud move tri
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move rum
bud move tri
den support bal move kie
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol move den
ion move apu
kie support hol move den
lon move yor
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nap hold
nth convoy hol move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
stp/nc support nwy
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
tri move adr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu support aeg move ion
bal move kie
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support ven move tri
den support bal move kie
gre move alb
hol support ruh move kie
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser support tri move bud
sev move mos
stp/nc support nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move ukr
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
ber support ruh move kie
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol move nwy
ion move nap
gol support pie move tus
mos move sev
nap hold
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg support hol move nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
ska support hol move nwy
stp/nc support nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
nwy move fin
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove den
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move gre
ank move con
apu support nap
bel move nth
ber move pru
bud move gal
con move aeg
fin move nwy
ion move nap
kie support nth move den
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move tys
rum support sev
sil support war
ska support nwy
smy move eas
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys support ion move nap
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
apu support nap
bar move stp/nc
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gal support ukr move war
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pru support war
rum support sev
sev support mos
sil support war
ska move swe
swe move nwy
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
