PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal support bul move rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa hold
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy
gal support rum move ukr
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
smy move eas
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
ank support con
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul support alb move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nwy
gal support vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie support mun
mid move wes
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pie move tus
ruh move bel
rum support gal
sev support rum
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bot
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move arm
apu move adr
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support mos move sev
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con hold
den move bal
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre support eas move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth move den
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum move ukr
sev support bul move rum
spa move tun via convoy
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm support rum move sev
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move swe
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move war
spa move mar
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support ven
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
tri move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move adr
arm support rum move sev
bel hold
ber hold
bla convoy sev move con
boh move tyr
bul move rum
bur move gas
den move hel
edi move nrg
hol move kie
ion support alb move adr
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom support tri move ven
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move con
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ukr support rum move sev
ven support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move ank
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
bur move gas
con support bla move ank
den move kie
gas move bre
hel support nth move hol
ion move nap
kie support bel move hol
mar support bur move gas
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
rom hold
rum move bul
sev hold
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove rom
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
arm move smy
bal support kie move ber
bel move pic
ber hold
bre support bel move pic
bud move rum
bul move con
con move smy
gal move sil
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp support ukr move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven move apu
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ion
arm move ank
bal convoy den move ber
bel support mun move bur
ber hold
bre move par
bul hold
bur move mar
con move smy
den move ber via convoy
edi move bel via convoy
gas move bre
hel support kie
hol support edi move bel
kie support den move ber
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nap hold
nth convoy edi move bel
pic support gas move bre
rom hold
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven move adr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bul move con
bal support pru
bel move bur
bre move par
bul move con
con move ank
edi move kie via convoy
gal support sil move war
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support nth move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
mar move spa
mos support war
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy edi move kie
par move bur
pic support bre move par
pru support ber move sil
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
sev support ukr
sil move war
smy support con move ank
spa hold
stp support mos
tys move nap
ukr support sil move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
nap move apu
par move gas
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
ank move con
apu move ion
arm move smy
bal support mos move lvn
bel support kie move ruh
ber support pru move sil
con move ank
gal move war
gas move bre
hel convoy lon move kie
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move kie
lvn move war
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap hold
nth convoy lon move kie
par hold
pic move bre
pru move sil
rom support nap
sev support war move mos
smy move arm
stp support mos move lvn
tyr move ven
ukr support war move mos
ven move tus
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
remove gas
remove pru
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support kie move pru
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move mid
con move ank
gal move war
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie move pru
lvn support stp move mos
mar move spa
mos support gal move war
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move gas
pic move bur
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move war
smy support con move ank
spa hold
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tus support ven
ukr support gal move war
ven support tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal convoy kie move pru
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bur move mar
con move ank
gal support war
gas support mid move spa
hol move bel
ion support tys move nap
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support kie move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy support stp
rom hold
sev support mos
sil move boh
smy support con move ank
spa hold
stp support lvn
syr move smy
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
spa move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
remove syr
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
bal support lvn
boh move gal
bud hold
con support smy move ank
gal move bud
ion move adr
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
por hold
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support boh move gal
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support gal move bud
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bal support lvn
bel move eng
bla support gal move rum
boh hold
bud support tri move ser
con hold
eng move bre
gal move war
iri move mid
lvn support stp move mos
mid move bre
mos support war
mun hold
nap hold
nrg move nat
pie move ven
por hold
pru support gal move war
rum support war move gal
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move ser
tus move rom
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move den
bel move nth
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
ion move nap
iri support nat move mid
lon move bel
lvn support war move mos
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
pie move ven
por hold
pru move war
rom support ion move nap
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sil move gal
smy move con
spa move por
stp support war move mos
tun support mid move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
nap move tys
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move ruh
boh support mun move tyr
bud support vie
bul hold
con move aeg
den move nth
eng move iri
iri move nat
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid support spa move por
mun move tyr
nap support wes move tys
nth move eng
pie support mun move tyr
por hold
rom support ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ukr
spa move por
stp support mos
tun support wes move tys
tys support gol move wes
ukr support rum move gal
ven support rom
vie support rum move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
gal move boh
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mid move naf
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move ven
por hold
pru support war
rom support ven
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support boh
smy move aeg
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tys move tus
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm move sev
bre hold
bud support rum move gal
gal move boh
hol move bel
ion support tun
iri hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
pie move tus
por hold
pru support war
rom support ven
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support nap move tys
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move bur
bre hold
bud move tri
eng move pic
gal move war
ion support tun
gol move mar
mid support por move spa
mun support boh
naf support wes
nap move tys
nth move eng
por move spa
pru support war
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
stp support mos
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support wes move gol
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tus
vie support gal move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bur support spa move mar
eng support iri move mid
gal move boh
ion move tys
iri move mid
gol support spa move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move tyr
naf support mid move wes
nap support ion move tys
pie support mar
pru support war
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa move mar
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bur move par
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap support tys
pic move eng
pie move mar
pru support war
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support boh
smy move aeg
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move war
ion support tun
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap move rom
par support eng move bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support war
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support boh
stp support mos
tri support ven move tyr
tun support tys
tus move ven
tys support tun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
