PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den hold
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move stp/nc
bel support bre move eng
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur hold
den hold
gre support bud move ser
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy support bar move stp
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bla move sev
sev move arm
smy hold
spa move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move adr
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bar support nwy
bel support mun move bur
bre hold
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul
hol support bel
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support pic move bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
por hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tus
vie support tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
sev move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla convoy con move arm
bre move mid
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
con move arm via convoy
den support hol move nth
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul
hol move nth
kie move hel
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support stp
nth support pic move bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support bel
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tus move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gas
nth move edi
nwy move fin
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bel move lon via convoy
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal support bul move rum
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hel support nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar hold
mos move war
nth convoy bel move lon
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support nth
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
stp support nwy
tri move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla move ank
bud support sev move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal move bud
hel support nth
ion move eas
iri hold
kie move hol
gol convoy pie move spa
mar support pie move spa
nth support ruh move bel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support nth
par hold
por support spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe move den
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel support bur
bla support ukr move rum
bud support rum
bul support ukr move rum
bur support pic move par
den support nth
eas move smy
edi support nrg move nth
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul
hel support nth
hol move lon via convoy
iri move lvp
gol support pie move mar
mar move gas
mos move ukr
nth convoy hol move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum support war move gal
ser support rum
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bre
remove bul
remove nrg
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre move gas
bud hold
bur support bel move pic
den support nth
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support bla move rum
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
hel support nth
hol move yor via convoy
ion hold
gol support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos move ukr
nth convoy hol move yor
par move bre
por support spa/sc
rum support mos move ukr
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr support bla move rum
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
spa/sc disband
ukr move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bla move sev
bre move par
bud move tri
bul support ukr move rum
bur support gas move mar
con hold
den support hel move nth
edi support lon move nth
gal support rum
gas support por move spa
hel move nth
ion move gre
lon move nth
gol support spa
mar hold
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pic move par
por move spa
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove gal
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move mun
con hold
den move nth
edi move cly
ion move alb
kie move hol
gol move wes
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
por hold
rom hold
rum hold
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move tri
ber support mun
bla move con
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
cly move lvp
con move smy
gre support tri move alb
hol move nth
lon support hol move nth
lvn move war
lvp hold
mar support spa
mun hold
nth move den
nwy hold
por hold
rom support ven
rum move bud
sil move boh
spa hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support alb move tri
vie move tri
wes move mid
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove pie
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ven move tri
ber move sil
boh support war move gal
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur hold
con support rum move bul
den move bal
gas move bre
gre move bul
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
nwy support swe
por hold
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy support con
spa support mid move por
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support den move swe
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bot move bal
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move bud
mun support sil
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
por hold
rum support gal move bud
ser support con move bul
sil hold
ska support yor move nwy
smy hold
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri move alb
ukr move war
ven move tri
wal move eng
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal support den move swe
ber move pru
bla move con
bot support swe
bud support vie
bul/sc move gre
bur hold
den move swe
eng move iri
gas hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser support bul/sc move gre
sil support ber move pru
ska support den move swe
smy hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support rum move gal
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
apu move ion
bal support swe
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gas hold
ion move gre
iri move nat
lvn move pru
mar hold
mun move boh
nth support nwy
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy support swe
pru support sil
ser support bul/sc move gre
sil support pru
ska support nwy
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support ven move tri
apu move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber support sil
bot move swe
bul/sc support smy move gre
bur move mar
den move nth
fin move nwy
gal move boh
gas support bur move mar
ion move gre
kie move lvn via convoy
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support sil
nat move iri
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pru support war move sil
ser support smy move gre
ska support nwy
smy move gre via convoy
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot move lvn
bud support ser move tri
bul/sc move aeg
den support ska move nth
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion hold
iri support eng move mid
lvn move mos
mar support gas move spa
mun support sil
nrg move edi
nwy move fin
pru move sil
ser move tri
sil support ber move pru
ska move nth
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe support nwy move fin
tri hold
tyr support tri
vie move tyr
war support bot move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa disband
tri move ven
tyr disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support ion
apu support ven
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre move ser
ion hold
iri move nat
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nth move yor
pru support war move lvn
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support apu move ion
apu move ion
bal hold
ber support pru move sil
boh support pie move tyr
den move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gre support aeg move ion
ion move eas
lvn move stp/sc
mos move war
mun support pie move tyr
nat hold
nth move nrg
pie move tyr
por hold
pru move sil
ser move alb
sev move ukr
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser move alb
tyr support sil move mun
tys support apu move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
alb support tri
bal move bot
ber move pru
boh support sil
den move bal
eas move smy
edi move cly
fin move stp
gal move boh
gre move ion
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mos support stp
mun support tyr
nat move cly
nth support nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
por move spa
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
stp support nrg move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb support vie move tri
bal move lvn
ber support sil
boh move tyr
bot support nwy move stp
eas support tys move ion
edi move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
gre move ion
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mos support stp
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
rum move bud
ser support vie move tri
sil support boh move war
spa move mar
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys move ion
vie move tri
war support gal move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
