PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move bre
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
spa move por
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wal move bre
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move pic
ber move sil
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
mid support bre move eng
mun support ber move sil
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bot move bal
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
bur support eng move bel
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal support boh move sil
gre hold
hol support bel
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mid support eng
mun support sil move boh
nwy move nrg
pic support eng move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sil move boh
spa hold
tri move adr
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
rum move bla
sil move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel move nth
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support tyr move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con support bul
eng support iri move mid
gal support bla move rum
gre move ser
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move bal
mid support bre move eng
mun move boh
nap move ion
nrg move bar
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move sev
spa move mar
swe support kie move bal
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
ven move tri
war support bal move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg hold
bal move bot
bel move edi
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
ion move adr
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid support bre move eng
mun move ber
nth convoy bel move edi
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army con
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support ser
con hold
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gre move alb
ion hold
kie move den
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nth support bre move eng
nwy move nth
par move bur
rum hold
ser hold
sev support bud move rum
sil move war
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum disband
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
eng support nth move lon
gre move aeg
ion move gre
iri move lvp
gol move tys
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy support den move nth
pru support sil move war
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sil move war
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
wes move tys
yor support iri move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army/dislodged lvp
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lvp
remove gol
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol move bel
lon support eng move nth
mid move iri
mar support par move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun move ruh
nth support yor move lon
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie hold
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
stp/sc move lvn
tri support vie move bud
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move ion
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel hold
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mun
edi support iri move lvp
eng move nth
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
lon support eng move nth
lvn move bal
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth move bel
pie hold
ruh support nth move bel
rum move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa move mar
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove rum
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal move swe
bel move nth
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support bel move nth
pic move bel
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sil support war move gal
smy support bul move con
spa move gas
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move gre
ank support smy move con
bud move rum
bur move bel
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
mar support gas move bur
mun move bur
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser hold
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
swe support den move nwy
tri support ser
ukr support gal move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank support con move smy
bel hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move con
con move smy
den move nth
edi support nth move yor
eng move lon
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
mar support gas move bur
mun support sil move boh
nat move nrg
nth move yor
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy support bul move con
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army/dislodged yor
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move eas
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
bel hold
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support tyr move mun
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
edi support nwy move nrg
eng move nth
gre support bul
hol move nwy
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvp move yor
mun move bur
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
pie hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
smy support ank
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
yor support nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move par
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy
bel hold
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move gas
con move smy
den move kie
edi support hel move nth
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mar move bur
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic support bel
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
sev support rum
smy support con
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con hold
edi move yor
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move nwy
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
lvp support yor move edi
mar move spa
mos move war
nth convoy hol move nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bre
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh move hol
sev support rum
smy support ank move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe support hol move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove kie
build Army mar
build Army nap
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
bel move bur
boh move mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support aeg move smy
edi support lon move nth
gal move war
gas move bur
hol support nth move bel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bre
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh support gas move bur
rum move ser
sev move ukr
smy support ank
spa move gas
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
nwy move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy move con
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move smy
edi move nrg
gas move bur
mar support gas move bur
nth convoy yor move den
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
rom move ven
rum hold
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp/nc support ska move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
yor move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy
apu move ven
bud move ser
bur move bel
con move smy
den support nwy move swe
mar support par move bur
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
smy support ank
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: army/dislodged ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy move con
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth support bel move hol
pic move bel
pie hold
rum hold
ser hold
smy move con
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy
bel move nwy
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move smy
den move kie
gal move ukr
hol support den move kie
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support mun move kie
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil support mun move ber
smy support ank
spa support bur move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war move mos
ven move tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
bal support kie
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber hold
bud move vie
bur support bel move ruh
con support aeg move smy
hol support bel move ruh
kie hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun move ruh
naf support mid move wes
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh support ber move kie
sev hold
sil support ber
smy support ank
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move bla
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move kie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move eng
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy support ank
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con support arm move ank
eng move mid
gal move war
hol move kie
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nap move rom
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
