PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move bud
ion move alb
kie move hol
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bel support par move bur
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move bul
den move bal
eng move pic
gal support rum move bud
gre support con move bul
hol support bur move bel
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move nth
mun move bur
par move bur
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ven move tri
bal move kie
bel support hol move ruh
bre move pic
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
lon move nwy
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par support bre move pic
pic move eng
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move bud
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
tri disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bal move bot
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
bud move gal
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support bur move bel
gre move alb
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev hold
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
bot support ska move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
den support ruh move kie
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre move alb
mid move bre
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh move kie
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp support bar move nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support eas move ion
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bel support bur move ruh
bud support tri move ser
bul support gre
bur move ruh
den support fin move swe
fin move swe
gal move boh
gre support ion move alb
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun move kie
nap support alb move ion
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp support nwy
swe support kie move den
tri move ser
tys support alb move ion
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
alb move tri
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move swe
eas support tun move ion
fin support den move swe
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support bud
sil move ber
stp support nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support ser
tun move ion
tys support ion move tun
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
apu move ion
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
fin move nwy
gal move bud
gre support alb move ser
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support nth move den
mid move naf
mun support ber move kie
nap support apu move ion
nth support fin move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
pic move bre
rum hold
ser move alb
ska move nth
stp support nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support ser move alb
tys support apu move ion
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
eas support tun move ion
fin support nth move nwy
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mun support kie move ruh
naf support mid move wes
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support den move swe
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support gre move alb
sil support mun
ska support nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tys support ion move tun
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
ruh move bel
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mos
remove nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel move hol
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move den
fin support swe
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie support edi move den
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support den move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
ruh support den move kie
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move boh
ska support nwy move nth
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support edi move den
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tun
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
boh move vie
bur move ruh
eas move ion
fin support nrg move nwy
gre support eas move ion
hel move den
hol support bur move ruh
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
naf move wes
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
sil move gal
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move bud
tys move nap
ven support ser move tri
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove edi
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move tyr
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp/nc
gal move boh
gre support eas move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move den
gol move tus
mun support ber move kie
nth support hel move den
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
ruh support tyr move mun
ser support ion move alb
sev hold
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
swe support hel move den
tun support wes move tys
tyr move mun
tys support adr move ion
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie support boh move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
stp move lvn
tys move nap
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ion move adr
ber support kie move mun
boh support kie move mun
bur move mar
den support hol move kie
eng move mid
fin support stp/nc
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nap move rom
nth move lon
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh support hol move kie
ser support tri
sev hold
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
mun move bur
rom move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg convoy bul move apu
alb support ion
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh hold
bre move mid
bul move apu
bur move mar
den move bal
fin support stp/nc
ion convoy bul move apu
kie support ruh
lon move nth
lvn support nwy move stp/nc
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support nwy move stp/nc
mun support ber
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh hold
ser move tri
sev hold
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move lvn
bar support fin move stp
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh hold
bur support ruh move mun
edi move den
fin move stp
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support stp/nc
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support stp/nc
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev hold
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tyr hold
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
edi move nwy
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar support por move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
tun support rom move tys
tus support apu move rom
tyr support mun
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh move mun
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
ion move tys
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie support mar
ruh move kie
sil support mun move ber
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
remove sil
remove spa
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
bre move mid
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support kie
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tys
kie support bur move ruh
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
nap support ion move tys
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
ruh move bel
sev hold
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul hold
bur move bel
fin move stp
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nap support aeg move ion
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur move bel
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
lvn move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pic
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn move pru
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
ber support kie
bot support stp move lvn
bul move rum
con move bul
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support tyr move mun
lvn move pru
gol convoy tus move mar
mar hold
mos support pru move lvn
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
nwy move stp
pie support tus move mar
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys move wes
tus move mar
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn move pru
ber hold
bot support lvn
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol support wes move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support pru move lvn
mun move bur
naf support tun
nwy move swe
pie support tus move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
sev move bla
sil support ber
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar move nrg
ber support tyr move mun
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move gas
den support kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move wes
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support bal move ber
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes
stp move mos
swe move lvn
tri move ven
tun support naf move wes
tus hold
tyr move mun
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support pru
bla hold
boh support mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
den move bal
gal move ukr
gas support mid move spa/sc
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil
nrg move nth
pru move war
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp move mos
swe move lvn
tun move tys
tus move pie
tys support gol move wes
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support bal move pru
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy
gas move spa/nc
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support sev move mos
lvp move yor
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support gas move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move bal
lvn move war
tun move naf
wes disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber move mun
bla hold
boh support ber move mun
bot support lvn
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pie support mar
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support ber move mun
stp move mos
tun support wes move naf
tyr support ber move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war support mos
wes move naf
yor move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
ber support swe move pru
boh support mun
bot support lvn
bre support mid
bur support gas move mar
den hold
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support swe move pru
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
pie support mar
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
spa/nc support mid
stp move mos
swe move pru
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/nc move por
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support pru
bla move ank
boh support sil move mun
bot support lvn
bre move gas
bur support mar
eng support mid
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move war
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos support war
mun move bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
pie move mar
por support mid
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri hold
ukr support war
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal support pru
ber support pru
bot move swe
bur move mar
den hold
gas move spa/nc
kie move mun
lvn support pru move war
mid support gas move spa/nc
mos support war
mun hold
por support gas move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp support lvn
tyr support mun
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
ber support den move kie
bla hold
bur move gas
den move kie
eng move bel
kie move mun
lvn support pru
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support spa/nc
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos support war
mun hold
naf move mid
por support spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/nc hold
stp support lvn
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove por
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bur move par
den move nth
gas move bre
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn hold
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move fin
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support mos
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla hold
bre hold
fin move nwy
iri move lvp
mar support mun move bur
mos support stp
mun move bur
nth hold
par support bre
pie hold
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support mos
tyr support sil move mun
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support kie
bla hold
bot support lvn
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
hol hold
kie support ber
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support stp
mun move bur
nth convoy hol move pic
par support bre
pie move ven
por move spa/nc
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
war support mos
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bot support lvn
bre hold
bur support pic move par
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
kie support ber
mid support gas move bre
mos move sev
mun hold
par support bre
pic move par
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
ukr move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
