PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
edi move cly
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par hold
rom move nap
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support ukr move rum
boh move sil
bot move swe
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move mun
nap move gre
ruh support hol move bel
ser move bud
tri move adr
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support sev move bul
bud hold
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
mun support ruh move bur
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bud
sev move bul via convoy
sil move war
swe move nwy
ven move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud hold
bur support bel move pic
gal support bud
mun support ber move sil
nwy hold
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
tri move ser
ven move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support rum
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
gal move vie
ion move aeg
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nwy move ska
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support bud
sev move arm
sil move mun
tri move vie
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move syr
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
gal support vie
mar hold
mun hold
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move arm
ska move den
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
boh move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
den move nth
gal move vie
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
kie move mun
mar move gas
mun move boh
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev support bul move rum
syr move arm
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bud support gre move ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move par
gal support ser move bud
gas move par
gre move ser
kie move den
mun hold
nth move lon
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
boh support gal move vie
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur support gas move par
den move kie
gal move vie
gas move par
ion move eas
lon move nth
mun hold
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
tri support rom move ven
ukr move rum
ven support bud move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support bla move con
arm move bla
bla move con
boh hold
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
eas move smy
gal move vie
kie move ruh
mun support boh
nap move apu
nth move edi
par hold
rom move ven
ser move rum
sil support boh
smy support bla move con
tri support rom move ven
ukr support rum
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support syr move smy
apu support rom move ven
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul support smy move con
con support bla move bul
edi move cly
gal support sev move rum
kie move den
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
par move gas
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
syr move smy
tri move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bla support rum move bul
boh hold
cly move lvp
den move nth
gal move bud
gas move spa
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mun support tyr
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support boh
smy move con
tri support gal move bud
tyr hold
ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move mun
bla move con
boh hold
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move ank
gal support bud move vie
kie move hel
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth move eng
por move spa/sc
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil support boh
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
tri support bud move vie
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
gas move spa
hel move nth
mar support pie
pie support tyr move ven
spa/sc move wes
tyr move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
