PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
gal move rum
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
nth move den
rom move ven
sev support gal move rum
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move bel
den move ska
gal support ukr
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie support ser move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bla move sev
bud support alb move tri
bul support rum
bur move mar
edi move yor
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move bel via convoy
mun move bur
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bla move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal move ukr
gre move ion
kie move mun
mun move bur
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bud move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
eas move ion
gal move ukr
ion move tys
mar support spa
mos hold
mun hold
nap hold
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move ven
ruh support bur
sev support ukr move mos
spa support mar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
bla move con
bud move gal
bur move pic
ion move adr
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support rum move ukr
mun hold
nap hold
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa move por
swe hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr hold
tys support aeg move ion
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu support gre move nap
bel support bur move pic
bur move pic
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support war move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
sev support ukr move mos
ska move nwy
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move adr
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur support pic move par
ion move tys
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
par move bur
pic move par
pie hold
rom hold
sev support war move mos
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp support ukr move mos
swe move bot
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven support nap move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
rom disband
stp disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
eas move ion
gal support sil move war
gas support pie move mar
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
par hold
pic move bre
pie move mar
sil move war
stp move fin
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ber hold
bre move pic
con move aeg
edi move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gal move sil
gas support par move bre
hol hold
ion move tys
kie hold
lvp move iri
mid support tun move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy move swe
par move bre
por support spa/sc
rum move gal
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp move nwy
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
eas move ion
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support ber
gol support wes move spa
mid move gas
mar hold
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
por hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil move mun
stp support nwy
swe hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet con
remove pic
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur move mun
con move aeg
fin support nwy move swe
gas support wes move mid
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support ber
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move por
mar support bre move gas
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
por hold
pru support mun move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support tus move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move rom
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support ruh move mun
fin move swe
gas support wes move mid
hol support ber move kie
ion convoy smy move rom
kie support ruh move mun
mid move por
mar move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move nwy
pie move tyr
por hold
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move rom via convoy
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys convoy smy move rom
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pie
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support bur move gas
bur move gas
den support ber move kie
hol support kie
kie hold
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move bel
por hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move wal
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bur support mun move ruh
den support ber move kie
gas move par
hol move bel
ion convoy smy move wal
iri convoy smy move wal
kie move hol
mid convoy smy move wal
mar support bur
mun move ruh
por hold
ruh support hol move bel
smy move wal via convoy
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys convoy smy move wal
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes convoy smy move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move mun
bre hold
bur move pic
den move kie
edi support lvp
hol hold
iri support wal
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun move bur
par hold
pie move mar
por hold
ruh support kie move hol
swe move den
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move tun
bre support par
bur move par
edi support lvp
eng support wal move lon
gas support bur move par
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy smy move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp hold
mid support spa/sc move por
mun move bur
nth move ska
par hold
pic support ruh move bel
por hold
ruh move bel
sil move ber
smy move tun via convoy
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove nth
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur move par
edi support lvp
eng move nth
gas support bur move par
ion move tys
iri move wal
lon move yor
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun move bur
par support bre move gas
pic support bur move par
por move mid
pru move ber
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: army yor
ORDERS
bre hold
bur move par
edi hold
mid convoy spa move lvp
mun move bur
nat convoy spa move lvp
nth support yor move edi
par move bre
pic support par move bre
spa move lvp via convoy
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wal support spa move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
