PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support sev move rum
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/nc
mun move bur
nth move nwy
pic move bre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tys move tun
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move adr
bre move pic
bul support con move gre
bur move bel
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move bud
hol support bur move bel
kie move ruh
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par support mar move bur
por move spa
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
smy move eas
spa/nc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support alb move adr
tun move wes
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bul move gre
bel support hol
bre support wal move pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move bud
hol support bel
mid move por
nap move spa via convoy
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh move mun
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
wal move pic via convoy
wes support nap move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
bre support bur move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
den support kie
eng support pic move bre
gre support bul move ser
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie support mun
mun support kie
nap move rom
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe move ska
tys support wes move tun
ukr move gal
ven support adr
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
bel move pic
bud support gal move vie
bur move par
eas move aeg
eng support bre
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
ska support nwy
spa move mar
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove boh
build Fleet con
remove ion
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
bel move nth
bre move pic
con support aeg move bul
eng support lvp move iri
gas move bre
gre support aeg move bul
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move hol
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
pie support tus move ven
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
ska move nth
spa move mar
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
iri move wal
ven move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bul/sc hold
con move bla
eng move mid
gre support bul/sc
ion move eas
iri move lvp
mar move spa
nap hold
nth move lon
par move pic
ser support tri
tri hold
ven support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel move nth
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
con move ank
eas support ank move smy
gre move bul
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum support bla move bul
ser support gre move bul
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
arm move ank
bel move edi via convoy
bud move ser
bul/ec move con
con support gre move bul
eas move smy
gre move bul
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move spa
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser support gre move bul
sil move boh
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tri hold
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
remove eng
build Army kie
remove mid
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support sev move ank
ber support mun
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move ank
den move yor via convoy
edi move lvp
gre support bul move ser
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp hold
mar support par move bur
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy den move yor
nwy hold
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sev move ank via convoy
smy support con move ank
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri hold
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
bla convoy sev move ank
bud support rum move ser
con move ank
den move yor
edi move lvp
gas move bur
gre support ser
ion hold
kie move den
lvp hold
mar move pie
nth convoy den move yor
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev move ank via convoy
smy support con move ank
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
bla convoy sev move bul
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
edi move lvp
gas move par
gre move bul
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvp hold
mar move pie
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum support sev move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bul via convoy
smy move arm
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus move pie
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
vie move tri
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
lvp move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move bla
bur move ruh
cly move edi
con support aeg move bul
gas move spa
gre support aeg move bul
ion move tys
mar move pie
nth convoy yor move hol
par move bur
ser support aeg move bul
smy move arm
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support mar move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
ber move pru
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move gas
con move bla
edi hold
gal move vie
gre move bul
gol support tus move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
smy move arm
spa move por
swe support nwy
tri support pie move ven
tus move spa via convoy
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm support sev move ank
bla convoy sev move ank
bud support rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi hold
gas support spa/sc
gre move bul
lon move nth
gol support tus move spa
nwy support swe
por support spa/sc
rum move bul
sev move ank via convoy
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tri hold
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie support bud
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel move nwy via convoy
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
con support smy move ank
den move swe
edi move cly
gas move bur
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move nap
gol move tys
mos support war
mun hold
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy support swe
por support spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
ska support bel move nwy
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tri hold
tus move rom
ven move rom
vie support bud
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
smy move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
ber move sil
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
cly move lvp
con move bla
den move swe
eng move iri
kie move mun
lvn move stp
nap hold
nth move edi
nwy support lvn move stp
por move spa
ser support vie move tri
ska support den move swe
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
syr move arm
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
ber move pru
bla move sev
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move cly
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lvp hold
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nwy support stp
par move bur
rom support ion move nap
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sil support ber move pru
ska move den
smy move con
spa move tus via convoy
stp move mos
tri move adr
ven support spa move tus
vie move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
cly move lvp
eng move mid
gre hold
iri support cly move lvp
lvp hold
gol move tys
mar move gas
mun support sil
nap support rom
nwy support stp
pie move ven
pru move war
rom hold
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gre
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
arm move smy
ber move sil
bul move gre
con move smy
den move nth
ion support tys move nap
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap support rom move tys
nwy support stp
pie move ven
rom move tys
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move gal
stp support war move mos
swe move den
tun hold
tus move rom
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
nap move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
boh move vie
bur move bel
gal support vie move bud
gas move bur
ion move aeg
mid move wes
nap support rom
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom support nap
sil move war
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tys support apu move nap
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move lon
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tun
remove tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
bre move eng
bur move ruh
lon move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support ank move con
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel support ruh move hol
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser move gre
bur support bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng support lon move nth
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion support ser move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move edi
pie move tyr
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy support con
stp move nwy
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
Russia: army/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support ruh move hol
ber move sil
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con support smy
edi move nth
eng support nth
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth support ruh move hol
nwy move stp
par move pic
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
smy support con
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: army/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
nwy move fin
rum move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel support ruh move hol
bul support rum
bur support mun
con support smy
eas hold
fin move nwy
ion move aeg
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy support con
stp move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tys move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
