PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support pru move lvn
bla move rum
bot move swe
bur move mar
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
ser hold
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
smy move con
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys move tun
ukr move war
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
lon move eng
mar move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
pie move tyr
ser support bud
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move por
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven hold
war move pru
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
France: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh support sil move mun
bud move rum
bur support tyr move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
hol hold
ion move aeg
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth move hel
por hold
pru move ber
rum move bla
ser support bud
ska move nwy
stp hold
swe hold
tyr move mun
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ber support war move sil
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bur move ruh
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
stp move fin
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
bur move ruh
den support ska
fin support swe
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol convoy spa move pie
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
ruh move bel
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska support nth move nwy
spa move pie via convoy
swe support fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud hold
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre support ser move bul
mid move iri
mun support tyr move boh
nth move eng
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
ser move bul
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys move wes
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh move gal
bud support vie
bul hold
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvn move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth support hol move bel
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
ruh move kie
rum move bla
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska move den
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move boh
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
mun move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
remove hol
remove mid
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move lon
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
gal support bud move rum
gre support bul
kie support tyr move mun
lon hold
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mun support ber move kie
nth support bel move lon
nwy move den
par move bur
pic move bel
rum support bla
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie support bud
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
ber support ruh move kie
boh hold
bul support rum
bur move bel
eng move nth
gal move sil
gre move aeg
kie support mun
lon support eng move nth
lvp hold
mun support kie
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pru move sil
ruh move kie
rum support bul
sev move rum
swe move den
tri support vie
vie support tri
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank hold
bel move yor via convoy
ber support ruh move kie
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move con
den support ruh move kie
gal move ukr
kie move hol
lon support bel move yor
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth convoy bel move yor
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
ber support sil move mun
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move nth
gal support mun move sil
kie support ber move mun
lon support nth
mun move sil
nth support yor move edi
nwy support den move nth
sev hold
sil move mun
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr move mun
vie support tri
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move edi via convoy
ber support kie
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move hel
gal move ukr
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
lon support nth
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy move nth
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
stp move mos
swe move den
tri support vie
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
yor support bel move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
mun move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support kie
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bud move ser
con move bla
den hold
gal move sil
hel move hol
iri move nat
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
mos support ukr move sev
nth support hol
nwy move nth
ruh support hol
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy move ank
tri move alb
tyr support mun
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
bla support mos move sev
boh move sil
bud support rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng support nth
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
mos move sev
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth support hol
nwy support hel move nth
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bul
sev move ukr
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bud support rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support tyr move vie
gre move bul
hel move nth
hol support kie
kie hold
mos support sev
nap move rom
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support hel move nth
rum support ukr move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move con
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie hold
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support nth
gre move alb
hel support nwy move nth
hol move ruh
kie move den
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
sev support bla move rum
stp move nwy
tri support vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
rum move bul
tri move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
boh move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
mun move boh
nth move ska
nrg move nth
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
tri move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move nth
ber move pru
bud hold
bul move gre
den move kie
fin move swe
gal support vie move bud
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie move den
gol move tys
mos move war
nap move apu
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe move fin
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
ska support fin move swe
smy move con
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support war move gal
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move adr
bel move hol
boh support vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con hold
den move swe
fin support ska move nwy
gal move sil
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
stp support nwy
swe move ska
tri move bud
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support war
vie support tri move bud
war support gal move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
apu support tyr move ven
ber move pru
bla hold
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con hold
den move swe
fin support nwy
gal move war
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move den
mun move tyr
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
vie support alb move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb support apu move adr
apu move adr
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
bud move ser
con move smy
eng move bel
fin support ska move nwy
gal move bud
gre support ser
ion move gre
kie support den
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
pru move lvn
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp support ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
gre move bul
nwy move bar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move smy
alb move ion
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move hol
bud move vie
bul move gre
con support bul
den move kie
fin support nwy
gal support sil move war
kie move ber
lvn support sil move war
mar move pie
mos support stp move lvn
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pru support sil move war
rom move ven
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bul move gre
sil move war
smy support con
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move bud
ukr move gal
ven move alb via convoy
vie support tri move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
nwy move swe
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal move pru
bar support nwy
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud support alb move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
fin support swe move nwy
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move hel
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mos move war
nth support nwy
pie move tyr
pru support war
rum support gal move bud
ser support gre move alb
smy hold
swe move nwy
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bal support war move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support ser
fin support stp
gal support vie move bud
ion move eas
lvn support bar move stp
mar move gol
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
gre move ion
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move smy
apu move alb via convoy
bal move den
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas move smy
gal support bud
gre move alb
hel move den
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos support lvn move war
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pru support war
rum move gal
ser hold
sil support war
stp move fin
swe support bal move den
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ukr support lvn move war
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move smy
apu move alb via convoy
bar support nwy move stp
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
den support swe
eas move smy
edi move den via convoy
eng move bel
fin support stp
gal move rum
gre move alb
hel move den
ion move alb
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
pru support war
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil support war
stp support fin
swe support den
tri support apu move alb
tys move ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support tri move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
boh move gal
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi move den via convoy
fin support stp move nwy
gal support bud
gre move alb
hel support edi move den
ion move eas
kie support edi move den
lvn move stp
mos move war
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
pru support war
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gre move alb
sil support war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move con
alb move gre
bar support nth move nwy
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
eas support aeg move smy
fin support ska move nwy
gal move war
gre move alb
hel support den
ion support alb move gre
kie support den
mos support gal move war
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support gre move alb
sil support war
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move ser
ven move alb via convoy
vie support bud
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri move ser
bal move pru
bar support nwy
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul move con
con move ank
den move kie
eas move aeg
fin support ska move nwy
gal move war
gre support tri move ser
hel move den
hol move nth
ion support gre
kie move ber
mos support gal move war
nrg support nwy
pru move lvn
ser move rum
sil support war
ska move nwy
smy support bul move con
stp support ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ser
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul move rum
con support bul
den move kie
fin support nwy
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
ion move eas
kie move mun
lvn move stp
mos support war move lvn
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support stp
rom move ven
ser move bul
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp support war move lvn
swe support nwy
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
bar support nrg move nwy
bud move rum
con move ank
den move ska
fin support nwy
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
lvn support ukr move war
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pru support gal move war
ser move bul
sil support gal move war
smy move aeg
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ser
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support bul move con
apu move ven
bar support nrg move nwy
bul move con
eas move smy
fin support nwy
gal support sil move war
lvn move war
mos support ukr move sev
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move war
ska support nrg move nwy
smy hold
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move alb via convoy
bar support nrg move nwy
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur move ruh
fin support nwy
gal move ukr
ion convoy apu move alb
lvn move war
mos support sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pie move tyr via convoy
pru support war
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support mos
ska support nrg move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bar support nrg move nwy
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support con
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support mos move ukr
sil move pru
ska support nrg move nwy
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move den
tus move ven
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
gal support war
kie move den
lvn support bar move stp
mos support sev
nth support kie move den
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support mos
ska support kie move den
stp support mos
swe move bot
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
stp move fin
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army par
build Army rom
remove swe
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support con move ank
bul move con
con move ank
den move swe
lvn move mos
mos support arm move sev
nwy support den move swe
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support rum move ukr
ska support den move swe
tus move pie
tys move wes
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
nwy support swe
ska support swe
war support mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
