PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank hold
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud support adr move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
edi move nwy
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move ser
tri move ser
ukr support bla move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
tri move alb
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur support bre move pic
con move aeg
den support swe
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar support bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
por move mid
rum support sev
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy support con move aeg
spa move gas
stp/sc hold
swe hold
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel support ruh move bur
bud move tri
bul support con move gre
bur move bel
con move gre via convoy
den hold
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move stp
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support par move bur
bul support gre move ser
den hold
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support par move bur
gre move ser
hel support den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move bel
ser support gal move bud
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move gre
bar support stp
bel support bur move ruh
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
lon move nth
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support bul
ska support nth move nwy
stp hold
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
bar hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
gre support adr move ion
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
pic hold
ruh move hol
ser move alb
sev move arm
ska move swe
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun support adr move ion
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
ser move rum
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ion move gre
arm move smy
bar support stp
bel support hol
ber move mun
bot support lvn move stp
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
eas move smy
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol support bur move ruh
ion move gre
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy support stp
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser support ion move gre
stp hold
swe hold
tri support ser
tun hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move smy
bar support stp
bel support hol
ber support mun
bot move swe
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move bla
den support kie
eas move smy
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move kie
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move hel
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun support nap move tys
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber support mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul support ank move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
den support kie
eas move smy
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move kie
kie support mun
mos move war
mun support kie
par move gas
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum hold
tri move vie
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove gal
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bot support mos move stp
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
den hold
gas move spa
hel support nth move den
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth move den
nwy move ska
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev move ukr
smy hold
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move swe
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bot support mos move stp
bre support mid
bul move gre
bur support mar
con support smy
den hold
gal move sil
hel support den
hol support bel move ruh
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie move mar
ska move nwy
smy hold
spa support mar
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bot convoy lvn move fin
bre move mid
bul/sc hold
bur support mar
con support smy
den support hel move kie
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
naf support spa/sc move mid
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
ser move bul
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
swe move bot
tyr support mun
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
mid move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support ruh move kie
bul hold
den move kie
eng move iri
fin support stp/nc
gre move alb
kie move bal
mid support spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
naf support mid
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move kie
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp/nc hold
swe support kie move bal
tyr support mun
ven move tus
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support swe move bot
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
fin support stp/nc
gas support por move spa
hol support den move kie
iri hold
lvn move mos
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc
por move spa
rom move ven
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot disband
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move kie
ber support kie
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
fin move nwy
gal move bud
gas support spa
hol support den move kie
iri hold
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move war
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
pie support mar
por support gol move spa
rum support con move bul
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move vie
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move apu
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
kie move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh support gal move vie
bud move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol move bel
iri support mid
kie move ber
lon support nrg move nth
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun move kie
nrg move nth
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tyr
por support eng move mid
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bud move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support ser
bur move mar
den move kie
gal move bud
gre move ion
lon move eng
mid move wes
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy move fin
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr support tri
tys move tun
vie support boh move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support kie
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support iri move mid
fin move stp
gal move vie
hel move hol
hol move ruh
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie support hel move hol
mar move gas
nwy support fin move stp
por support iri move mid
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bal support ber
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre support naf move mid
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
eng support mid move bre
gre move alb
hol support nth move bel
kie support ber
mid move bre
mos hold
naf move mid
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pie support ven
ruh support bur move bel
sil support boh move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal support ber
ber hold
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move aeg
eng support bre move pic
hol support lon move bel
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move nrg
pic support mid move bre
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
bud move tri
eng support pic move bre
ion move tun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
sil move ber
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
