PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
con move bul
den move ska
gal move vie
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support con
con support bul
gre move alb
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move gol
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri hold
tun move gre via convoy
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support aeg move gre
bel support bur move ruh
bla support ser move rum
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
gre move ser
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move bur
nth move edi
nwy support ska move swe
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bel support ruh
ber support mun
bla support rum move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
den move ska
edi move cly
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol support kie move ruh
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move stp
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev support gal move rum
ska move nth
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
alb move ion
arm move ank
bel support ruh move hol
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly support wal move lvp
con move ank
eng move wal
fin move nwy
gal support vie move bud
gre support alb move ion
lvp hold
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy move stp
ruh move hol
ser support vie move bud
sev move mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
mun move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla move sev
bre support wal move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
cly move lvp
con move ank
fin support ska move swe
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol move kie
iri support wal move eng
kie support ber
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nap move ion
par move pic
rum move ukr
ser support tri move alb
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ukr support arm move sev
ven move tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move sev
ber support kie move mun
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support ser move rum
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
iri support bre move eng
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp support wal move iri
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser move bul
stp support nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move mid
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
remove fin
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move gre
arm support sev move bla
ber support mun move kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bud move gal
con support bla
eng support nth
gre move aeg
hol move edi via convoy
ion support gre move aeg
iri move wal
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mid support eng
mun move kie
nth convoy hol move edi
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
stp move fin
swe move den
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
kie move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul move con
cly move lvp
con support bla
den support kie
edi hold
eng support nth move lon
fin move swe
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon support wal move eng
mid move iri
mos move war
nth move lon
nwy support fin move swe
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy move eas
tyr support boh move mun
vie hold
wal move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bla
remove lvp
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh move vie
bul/sc support aeg move gre
con support bul/sc
den support kie
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng support nth move lon
hol move kie
iri move lvp
lon support wal move eng
mos support stp move lvn
nth move lon
nwy support swe
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move eng
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move gal
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
den move hel
eas move ion
eng support nth move lon
gre support bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move den
lon support wal move eng
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nth move lon
nwy support swe
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
wal move eng
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ion
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con support rum move bul
den support ber move kie
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support ruh move kie
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
par support mar move bur
rom move apu
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
smy support bul/sc move con
tri move vie
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bul move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move ser
ank support con
apu move alb via convoy
bel support hol
bud support rum
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gre support smy move bul
hel move hol
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ruh
mos support ukr move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nwy support swe
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support vie move gal
ser support smy move bul
sev move mos
smy move bul via convoy
swe support nwy
tri support apu move alb
tys support ion
ukr move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move tri
bel support hol
bud move rum
bur move mun
gal support bud move rum
gre support rum move bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska support nth move den
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tys hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
bla support ank move con
bud move vie
bul support con
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
den support hol move kie
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
rum support bul
ser support rum
sev support mos move ukr
ska support den
swe support hel move den
tri move bud
tys hold
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ber support bur move mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
gol move wes
mar move gol
nrg move nwy
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
ska move swe
smy move con
tys hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ber support mun
boh move sil
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
den support swe
gal move war
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie support hol
gol move tys
mun hold
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy move con
swe support nrg move nwy
tyr hold
tys support ion move tun
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
wes support gol move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move bal
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
rom support tus move tys
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
swe move nwy
tun support nap move ion
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
gal move war
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
pie move mar
rom support tys
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tun hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move gas
con move bul
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
naf support tun move wes
nap move tys
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie move mar
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil move boh
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal move pru
boh support war move sil
bul move ser
bur support mar
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support sil move boh
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil move boh
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
tys move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre support eng move mid
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move lvn
naf support tun move wes
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support lvn move pru
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support mun
gas support spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support war move pru
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil support war move pru
spa support mid move por
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tus
war move pru
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
gas support spa
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support bre move mid
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
tun move wes
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
gas support spa
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support bre move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support bur
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
gas support spa
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por support bre move mid
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
vie move boh
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support bur
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
gas support spa
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pie support tus move mar
por support bre move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
