PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum move bla
spa move gas
stp hold
swe hold
tri move adr
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bla support sev move arm
bul move gre
bur move bel
eas convoy tun move syr
edi move yor
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
nwy support lon move nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sev move arm
ska support nwy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move syr via convoy
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move ank
bel support gas move bur
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
con move bul
den support swe
eas move ion
gas move bur
hol move nth
ion move apu
kie move hel
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support gas move bur
pie move tus
ruh move bur
ser move gre
ska support nwy move swe
smy support ank
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tys
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move ank
bar support nth move nwy
bel move ruh
bla convoy rum move con
bul support rum move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den support swe
eas move ion
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move con via convoy
ska support nth move nwy
smy support ank
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
rom move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove nap
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support adr move ion
arm support sev move ank
bar move nrg
bla convoy sev move ank
bul move con
bur move bel
con move smy
den support swe
fin move nwy
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom move nap
sev move ank via convoy
ska support nwy move nth
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move tus
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move smy
apu support ion move nap
arm move ank
bel support par move bur
bla move rum
bul move rum
con support ank move smy
edi support hol move nth
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh move hol
ska move nth
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tus support ven move rom
tyr move tri
ven move rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
bel support par move bur
bla convoy con move sev
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move sev via convoy
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
rom move apu
sev move ukr
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move vie
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
apu move tri via convoy
bel support bur move ruh
bla support sev move rum
bud support vie move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
edi support nth
fin move nwy
gal support sev move rum
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nat move iri
nth support bel move hol
nwy support ska move nth
pic support bel
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy move con
swe support fin move nwy
tun hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
gal move war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bel support mar move bur
bla support rum move bul
bud support bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support rum move bul
edi support nth
eng support bel
fin move stp
gal support bul move rum
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mar move bur
mun support bur move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy move nth
par support mar move bur
pic support bel
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
ska support nwy move nth
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
bel move ruh
bla support bul
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul support ukr move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con support bul
edi support nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
gre move bul
hol move bel
iri move mid
lvp hold
mun move bur
nth support bel move hol
nwy move nth
par support bur
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
ser support gre move bul
sil move war
ska support swe move den
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move naf
ukr move rum
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bla support bul
bud support gal move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur support bel
con support bul
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move hel
ion move eas
kie support ruh move hol
lvp move wal
mos support war
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move lon
nwy support ska move nth
par support bur
pic support bel
ruh move hol
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil support vie move gal
ska move nth
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
bar move nrg
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move yor via convoy
eas move smy
edi move nrg
gre support rum move bul
hel support kie move den
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos move war
nth convoy den move yor
nwy support bar move nrg
par move bur
pic support bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil support vie move gal
smy support con
tun move ion
ukr support bul move rum
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mos
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
bel support ruh move hol
bla support con
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support smy
eas support gre move smy
edi support lon move yor
gal move war
gre move smy via convoy
ion hold
iri move nat
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
nat move nrg
nth support yor move lon
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser move alb
sev support ukr
sil support gal move war
smy support con
tri move adr
ukr support war
war support ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army/dislodged yor
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
yor move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move ven via convoy
bel support hol
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con support smy
eas support gre move smy
edi move nth
gal support rum
gre move smy via convoy
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
lvp move wal
nat move nrg
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move kie
rum support gal
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy support con
swe support nth move den
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lon
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove mun
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support smy move con
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move swe
eas move ion
gal move rum
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support bur move mun
lvp hold
mar move gol
nth move edi
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par move gas
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gal move rum
swe move nwy
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move smy
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
boh support ber move mun
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support sev move rum
gas move mar
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon support edi move nth
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun support kie move ber
nap support gol move tys
nwy support bar move stp
ruh support mun
rum support bul
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe move nwy
tyr support ber move mun
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move arm
ber move mun
bla support ank
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur support ber move mun
con support smy move ank
hol move kie
ion support tun move tys
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
tun move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
boh move sil
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support ber move mun
con move aeg
den hold
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move vie
ion support wes move tys
kie support ber move mun
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun move boh
naf support mid move wes
nap move ion
nth move den
ruh support ber move mun
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska support stp/nc move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support mid move wes
tyr move pie
ven move rom
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ser
remove vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bre move pic
bur support ruh move mun
den move ska
eng move nth
ion move apu
kie support mun move ber
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pie move mar
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa move mar
swe support den move ska
tri support ven move tyr
tun support wes move tys
tys move nap
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support bur move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
con move aeg
gas support spa move mar
kie support bur move mun
gol support spa move mar
mos move stp
nap support aeg move ion
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa move mar
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support aeg move ion
ber support bur move mun
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
gas move bur
hel support yor move den
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr support pie
tys support gol move tus
ven support rom move tus
war move pru
wes support tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bur move mun
den move swe
gas move bur
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
tun move ion
tyr support pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support rom move tus
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ska move swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth support edi move nrg
nwy support fin move swe
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
stp move fin
tus support pie
tyr support pie
tys hold
ven support tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move adr
bal convoy lvn move kie
ber support lvn move kie
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
den support ska move swe
fin support nwy
hol move bel
kie support mun move ber
lvn move kie via convoy
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap support rom move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pie support tus
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp support nwy
tus support pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support wes move tun
ven support pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
tys move wes
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move smy
bal support nwy move swe
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support swe
edi move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gre move aeg
ion support con move aeg
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support kie
rum move bul
stp move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys hold
ven support pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
boh support mun
bot support ska move swe
bur support kie move mun
den support ska move swe
gre move ion
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
rom support tys move tus
ruh support kie move mun
ska move swe
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tus
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
remove tyr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support swe move fin
bul move gre
bur support kie move mun
den move swe
edi move nrg
fin support stp
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion support bul move gre
kie move mun
lvn support stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support ber
nap support ion
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
rom support tus
ruh support kie move mun
smy move con
stp support fin
swe move fin
tun support tys
tus support rom
tys support gol move tus
ven support pie
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
boh support kie move mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
fin support stp
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move sil
nap support ion move tys
nth support den
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
stp support fin
swe support bot move bal
tun support tys move ion
tus support ion move tys
tyr support kie move mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support sil move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
fin move nwy
gre hold
ion move nap
kie support sil move ber
lvn support stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe move fin
tun support tys move ion
tus support nap move rom
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
war move sil
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
fin move nwy
ion support tun move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn support stp
gol support tun move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support pru move ber
nap move tys
nth support den
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe move fin
tun move tys
tus support nap move tys
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven support pie
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support mun move ber
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
fin move nwy
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
lvn support stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support den move swe
pie support tus
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sil move mun
stp support fin move nwy
swe move bot
tun support ion move tys
tus support tys move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
war move sil
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
gol move spa/sc
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
boh support mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nap hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp move fin
pie support gol move mar
pru move ber
rom support tus move tys
ruh support ber move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support tys move gol
stp move fin
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support mid move wes
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army/dislodged mar
Russia: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
mar move gas
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support swe move fin
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
fin move nwy
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth move hel
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
pru support stp move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tyr support mun
tys support mar move gol
ven support rom move tus
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army/dislodged fin
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
fin move stp
kie move hol
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bur move mun
fin move stp/sc
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
lvn support stp
gol move wes
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support kie
nap hold
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru support lvn
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn
tun support wes
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven move rom
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove nat
build Army tri
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mar
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi hold
gal move sil
gre move bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support tun move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes
nap hold
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
ruh move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
wes support naf
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ruh move kie
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support nth move hel
edi hold
gal move war
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion support tun
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar support bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth move hel
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur move ruh
den support kie
edi hold
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move ruh
lon hold
lvn support mos
gol support tun move wes
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf move tun
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/sc hold
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven hold
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur move ruh
den support kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ion
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
kie support bur move ruh
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie hold
pru support ber
rom hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support gol move wes
stp/sc hold
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move war
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support kie move mun
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move mar
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/sc hold
tun support gol move wes
tyr support mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp/sc move lvn
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bot support stp/sc move lvn
bud move vie
bur support kie move mun
den support kie
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru support lvn
ruh support kie move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc move lvn
tri hold
tun support wes move naf
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war support lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet/dislodged naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
naf move mid
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army sev
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp/sc move lvn
ber support mun
bot support stp/sc move lvn
bur support kie move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
kie move mun
lvn support pru
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie support tus move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/sc move lvn
tri move vie
tun support naf
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur move mar
den move nth
eng support mid
fin support stp/sc
gas support bur move mar
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol support mar move spa
mid support wes
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf support tun move wes
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/sc hold
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol
ukr move gal
vie hold
war support lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
remove wes
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
eng convoy nwy move pic
fin support stp/sc
gal move sil
gas support mar
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol support spa move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy nwy move pic
nwy move pic via convoy
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move wes
vie move tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
eng support mid
fin support stp/sc
gas support bur move mar
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move bel
pic move bel
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil move mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bur support gas
den support kie
eng support mid
fin move stp via convoy
gas support bur
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move bel
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid
pru support ber
ruh support mun move bur
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp/sc hold
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
ven move tus
war support lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
stp move bot
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bot support fin move stp
bur move bel
den support kie
eng support mid
fin move stp
gas support par move bur
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid support por
mar move bur
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ukr
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
war move mos
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1925 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move bur
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bot support stp
bur support hol move bel
den move kie
eng support mid
gas support bur
hol move bel
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid support por
mar support bel move bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
pie support mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh move kie
sev move bla
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1925 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bot support stp
bur support hol move bel
den move kie
eng support mid
gal move boh
gas support bur
hol move bel
kie support bel move hol
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support por
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
pie move mar
por hold
pru support ber
sil support mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1925 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1925 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove por
PHASE 1926 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel support bur
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move lvn
bur support bel
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support mid
gas support bur
hol support bel
kie support ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos
gol convoy tus move spa
mid hold
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support bot move lvn
tun move wes
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy tus move spa
ven move tus
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1926 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp
den move kie
eng support mid
gas support bur
hol support bel
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support gas
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa support mar move gas
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr support mun
war support lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1926 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
mid move iri
PHASE 1926 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army tri
PHASE 1927 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
bre move par
bur move par
den move kie
eng move mid
gas support mar move bur
hel support den move kie
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support mar move bur
naf support wes move mid
por support wes move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tyr move pie
tys move wes
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1927 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
