PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move spa
hol hold
kie move den
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
sev move bla
spa move por
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move gal
bre move pic
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move ven
por move spa
ser support vie move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa move gas
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol move nth
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre support iri move mid
bud support boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
den hold
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
par support gas move bre
rum support gal move bud
ser support ion move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move ank
spa hold
tri move alb
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support rum
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank hold
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bre support iri move mid
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
den hold
eng support bre
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
mos move sev
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr hold
ukr support war move gal
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support rum move bul
bre support iri move mid
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move pic
den hold
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas support mar move bur
gre support ser move bul
iri move mid
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nrg move nat
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
spa hold
tri support bud
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel support pic
bla support mos move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move mun
con hold
den hold
eng support nat move mid
gal move bud
gas support par move bre
gre move bul/sc
mid move naf
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
par move bre
pic support ruh move bur
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
spa move por
tri support bud
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support rum
vie move boh
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move nth
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bre support gas move par
bud move ser
bur support kie move mun
con move smy
den move kie
eng move bre
gas move par
gre move bul/sc
kie move mun
mid support eng move bre
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move stp
pic move par
por move spa
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
smy move arm
spa/sc move mar
tri move bud
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
vie support tri move bud
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army par
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move ank
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move par
con move aeg
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
kie move mun
mid support naf move wes
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nth move den
par support gas move bur
pic support bur move par
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support rum
smy support arm move ank
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tys support wes move tun
vie support bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move bre
ser move rum
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move con
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
den hold
gal support boh move vie
gas support wes move spa
gre move bul/sc
mid support wes move spa
mun move bur
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support spa/sc
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc support por
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support tri move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
spa move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre move par
bud support rum move ser
bul support con
bur move bel
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre move ion
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move por
mun move bur
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tyr support vie
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move arm
bre hold
bud support ser
bul hold
bur hold
con support bul
den move swe
gal move war
ion move nap
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun move boh
nwy support den move swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por support spa/sc
ruh move kie
sil move war
spa/sc hold
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie support tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
swe move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh support sil
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul hold
bur hold
con support bul
gal support war move sil
gre move alb
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move nat
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser support bud
sil support boh
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe move ska
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
boh support sil
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
bur support spa/sc move mar
con support bul
gal move rum
kie move den
lon hold
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move wes
nat move nrg
nth support swe move ska
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move war
rom hold
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mar
stp support ska move nwy
swe move ska
tri support ven
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
remove tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move stp
gal move bud
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
rom hold
rum move bla
ser move gre
sil support boh move gal
ska move swe
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
rom move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
arm move sev
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp
gal support war
hol hold
ion move tun
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sil move boh
stp move mos
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys support wes move tun
ukr move sev
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move sev
boh support gal
bul/ec move con
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support vie move bud
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mos move sev
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
rom support ven move tus
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move bla
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tus
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet/dislodged tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tus move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support bul/ec move con
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud support gal
bul/ec move con
con support arm move ank
den support swe
eng hold
fin hold
gal support bud
hol support bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
gol support tys
mos hold
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy hold
rom support tus move ven
rum move ser
stp hold
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
bud support gal move rum
con move smy
den support swe
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion support tys move nap
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy hold
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev move arm
stp move lvn
swe support den
tri support ven
tys move nap
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur hold
con support arm move ank
den support swe
eng hold
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move aeg
lvn hold
mid move naf
mos support sil move war
mun move tyr
nap support spa move rom
nwy hold
rum support bud move ser
sil move war
smy move con
spa move rom via convoy
stp hold
swe support den
tri support bud move ser
tys convoy spa move rom
ukr support mos
ven support tri
vie hold
wes convoy spa move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel support hol
bla support ser move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
con support ank move smy
den support swe
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie move hel
mos support ukr move sev
ser move rum
smy move con
swe support den
tri move ser
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
