PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
edi move nwy
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move wes
mun support tyr
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
tyr hold
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla support sev move arm
bul support con
con support bul
edi move nwy
gre support ser move bul
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move pic
con support ank
den hold
edi move nwy
fin support edi move nwy
gre support bul
hol hold
gol move tys
mos move stp
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
por hold
rum hold
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tys move rom
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support bla move con
con support ank
den move kie
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion support aeg move gre
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic hold
por move spa
rom move nap
ser support bul
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support bud
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bar support nth move nwy
bla support arm move ank
boh move gal
bud support vie
bul support alb move gre
bur move pic
con support ank
eng convoy pic move lon
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
kie move bal
gol convoy spa move tus
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy hold
rum move ukr
ser support alb move gre
sil support boh move gal
ska support nth move nwy
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr hold
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
nwy move stp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move swe
bar move nwy
bla support arm move ank
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move pic
con support ank
edi move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
gal hold
gre support bul
hol hold
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pic move wal
ser support bul
sil support war
ska support nwy move swe
spa move mar
stp hold
tun hold
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support bla move con
bal move bot
bla move con
boh hold
bud support vie
bul support bla move con
con support aeg
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support war move ukr
hol hold
ion move adr
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move war
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pic move lon
ser support gre
sil move mun
ska move den
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys move nap
ukr support mos move war
vie hold
wal support pic move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
ukr move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move con
boh move tyr
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move lon
gal support ukr move war
hol hold
ion move eas
iri support wal move lvp
lon move yor
mos support sev move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move yor
par move bur
rum hold
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp hold
swe move den
tys move nap
ukr move war
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move edi
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
bul hold
bur hold
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal support war
hol hold
ion support eas move aeg
iri move nat
lon move yor
lvn support mos move war
lvp support lon move yor
mos move war
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move bel
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ukr move gal
smy support eas move aeg
stp hold
swe move den
tyr support adr move tri
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move boh
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
apu support tri move ven
bel move hol
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move smy
edi support nth move yor
gal move bud
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp support yor move edi
nat move nrg
nth move yor
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud disband
edi move cly
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
arm move smy
bel move nth
boh support vie
bud support rum move ser
bul move con
cly move edi
edi hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
lvp support edi
mun support ruh move kie
nth support eng move lon
nrg support nth
nwy support bel move nth
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move bul
smy move con
stp hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven hold
vie hold
war move ukr
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
kie move ber
ser disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move ank
bel move nth
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
cly move edi
hol hold
ion support gre
kie hold
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
par move pic
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support ser
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
yor support bel move nth
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bud hold
bul support alb move gre
cly move edi
den hold
edi hold
eng support lon
gre hold
hol support pic move bel
ion support gre
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move pru
lvp support edi
mun support kie move ber
nth support cly move edi
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
tri hold
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support lvn move pru
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move con
pru move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
