PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move rum
boh move vie
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
edi move nwy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
mos move ukr
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support bur move bel
ser support alb move gre
stp/sc move fin
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move arm
bel move hol
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
fin move swe
gre move ion
hel support bel move hol
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move kie
nap move ion
nrg support lon move nth
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move bre
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri support boh move vie
tun move wes
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gre move ion
hel move den
hol move bel
kie move den
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
rum hold
sev move ukr
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bud support alb move tri
bul support tri move ser
bur support mar
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie hold
lon move den
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum move bla
sev move mos
spa support mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
arm move rum
bla convoy arm move rum
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support mar
con move bul
den support hel move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
mun support kie
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser support tyr move tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
tri disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support den move swe
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move ukr
swe move den
tri move vie
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bla move rum
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
den move bal
eng move bre
gal move ukr
kie hold
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support wes move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move wes
vie support ser move tri
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move war
hel support den move kie
kie hold
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mos move sev
mun support kie
nap move tys
pie move mar
ser move bud
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
swe move bot
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal move ber
ber support kie
bot support stp
bre support iri move mid
bud move gal
bul move ser
den move kie
gal move sil
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
kie hold
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun support kie
nrg move nat
rum hold
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr hold
ven move tus
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
bot move lvn
bre move gas
gal move war
gas support wes move mid
hel move nth
hol support kie
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mid support bre move gas
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support mar move bur
nap move tys
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support bot move lvn
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
sev disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber hold
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move par
edi move bel
eng support nat move mid
gal move boh
gas support mid move bre
hol support edi move bel
iri support nat move mid
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ber
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp support bot move lvn
tri move tyr
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bre support par move pic
bur move ruh
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
gas support wes move mid
hol support kie
iri move nat
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move hel
par move pic
pic support mid move bre
por support wes move mid
rum hold
sev hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol move ruh
ber hold
boh move tyr
bot move lvn
bre hold
bud move rum
bur move pic
eng move iri
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel support kie
hol move ruh
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move mid
par support bur move pic
pic support bre
pie move mar
por support mid
rum move bul/ec
sev hold
spa/sc support mid
stp move mos
tys move gol
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
England: fleet/dislodged pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bre hold
bur support mun move ruh
eng support bel move pic
gas support mid move bre
hel support kie
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move mid
par support mid move bre
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
rom move tys
ruh move bur
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot support stp
bre move pic
bul/ec move con
bur move bel
eng hold
gas support mid move bre
hel support kie
hol support pic move bel
iri support eng
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nth support pic move bel
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
pru support lvn
ruh support ber move kie
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bot move bal
bre support mid move eng
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den move kie
eng move pic
gas support wes move mid
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat move mid
nap move tys
par move pic
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
ruh move hol
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move eng
den move kie
eng move wal
gas move bre
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
iri move wal
kie move hol
lvn support stp
mid support bre move eng
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nth support hol move bel
pie move mar
por support mid
pru support lvn
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid
tun move naf
tys move wes
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet kie
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move lon
ber support kie
bre move eng
bur support ruh move bel
den move kie
eng support mid move iri
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie hold
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun support kie
nth convoy bel move lon
nwy move stp
pic support hol move bel
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh support hol move bel
sev hold
stp hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bur move mar
eng support iri
gas move mid
iri support mid move nat
kie move hol
lon move hol
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
por support gas move mid
ruh support kie move hol
sil support ber
spa/sc support gas move mid
stp move nwy
tyr move pie
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nat move nrg
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove nwy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber move bal
boh move sil
den move kie
eng support gas move wal
gas move wal
hel support nth move hol
hol support kie
iri convoy gas move wal
kie support ber move bal
mid convoy gas move wal
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic support bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
rum hold
sil move pru
stp move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move den
bel support hol
boh move gal
bre support eng
den support hel move kie
eng convoy gas move wal
gas move wal
hel move kie
hol support kie
iri support wal move lvp
kie support bal move den
lvn hold
mid convoy gas move wal
mar move gas
nat move nrg
nth move hel
nrg move nth
pic support eng
pru hold
ruh support kie
rum hold
sil support boh move gal
stp move fin
wal move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support hol
cly move lvp
eng move lon
fin move nwy
hel move den
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support bal move den
lon hold
lvp move edi
mid move iri
nat move cly
nth support lon
nrg move edi
por move mid
ruh support kie
stp support fin move nwy
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre move eng
cly support nrg move nat
den support kie move hel
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hel move den
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move hel
lvp move edi
mid move iri
nth support hel move den
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par move bre
por move mid
ruh support hol
sil move gal
stp support nwy
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove nat
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
edi move yor
hel move den
hol move nth
kie move bal
lon support edi move yor
nwy move swe
stp move nwy
wal support edi move yor
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
