PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
nap move ion
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos support sev
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move adr
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm hold
bel move hol
ber move bal
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mar
con move ank
edi move nth
gre move ser
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move con
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
arm move sev
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bla
den support bal move swe
hel move den
kie support den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
nwy move stp
rum move sev via convoy
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
stp move mos via convoy
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bul via convoy
arm support bla
bal support kie
bar support edi move nwy
bla convoy ank move bul
bud move vie
con support ank move bul
den support kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support ank move bul
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
kie support den
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tys move ion
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
arm move bla
bal support kie
bar move nwy
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul support bla move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con support bul
den support kie
gre support bul
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support den
gol move wes
mun support kie
nth support hel move den
nwy move fin
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
stp support bar move nwy
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tys move nap
war support mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
mun move ber
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army edi
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move bla
bal support ska move swe
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy move swe
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol support mun move kie
mar move gol
mun move kie
naf move tun
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum support bul
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move bot
tus move rom
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal support ska move den
bla move sev
bot move lvn
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move bal
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support mun move ber
gol support wes move tys
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support swe
rom hold
ska move den
stp move lvn
swe support den move bal
tun support nap move ion
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pru
remove ska
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support swe move bot
ber move sil
bla move rum
bot move lvn
bre move par
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
con support aeg move smy
eas move aeg
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move alb
kie move ber
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move fin
par move bur
rom move apu
rum support gre move bul
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support rum move bul
alb support tys move ion
bal convoy den move pru
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support pie move tyr
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den move pru via convoy
fin move lvn via convoy
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
mos move sev
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp support fin move lvn
tri move apu
tys move ion
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
alb move adr
apu move rom
arm move ank
bla move ank
boh move vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
eas move aeg
gal move ukr
gre move alb
ion support alb move adr
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
pru move war
rom move nap
ser support gre move alb
sev move arm
sil move gal
smy support con
stp support lvn move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move ven
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move apu
aeg move gre
alb support tyr move tri
arm move ank
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move rum
boh support gal
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
gal support boh
gre support ser move bul
ion support rom move apu
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
nrg hold
pie move tyr
rom move apu
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove rum
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
alb move tri
apu support rom move nap
arm move smy
bal hold
bla move rum
boh support tyr
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support boh
ion move aeg
lon hold
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven
pru hold
rom move nap
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move ska
tri move bud
tyr support boh
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas
ank support smy
apu move nap
arm move syr
bal hold
boh support gal
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum
eas support aeg
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion support apu move nap
lon hold
gol move tys
mos support sev
mun support boh
nrg hold
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru support war
rum support bul
ser move rum
ska hold
tyr support ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move syr
ank move con
apu move syr
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move rum
boh move sil
bul support bla move rum
eas convoy apu move syr
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
ion convoy apu move syr
lon hold
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pru move sil
sev move rum
ska hold
smy hold
swe move pru via convoy
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move sev
boh move sil
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
con hold
eas support aeg
gal move boh
ion move alb
kie hold
lon hold
mos move sev
mun support gal move boh
nap move ion
nrg hold
nwy move swe
pru move war
sev move rum
ska hold
smy hold
swe move pru via convoy
syr hold
tyr support ven
tys support nap move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb hold
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move rum
boh support war move gal
bud move gal
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move aeg
ion move adr
kie hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move war
ruh hold
rum support mos move sev
sil support boh
ska hold
smy move aeg
swe move pru via convoy
syr move arm
tri move tyr
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm support aeg move smy
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
con support smy
eas support ion move aeg
gal move vie
gre support smy move aeg
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon hold
mun support tyr
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pru move war
ruh hold
rum support war move gal
sev support rum
sil support boh
smy support con
swe move pru via convoy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support gal move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move syr
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
arm support ven move syr
bal hold
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bul support bla move rum
con support smy
eas convoy ven move syr
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy ven move syr
kie hold
lon hold
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru move war
ruh hold
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
sil hold
ska hold
smy support con
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven move syr
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support gre
arm support syr move smy
bla move ank
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
con support bla move ank
eas support syr move smy
gal move vie
gre support alb
ion move aeg
kie hold
mos move war
nwy move swe
ruh hold
sev support rum
sil support boh
smy hold
syr move smy
tyr support gal move vie
ven support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg hold
alb hold
ank support con
arm support smy
bal move pru
boh hold
bud support rum move ser
bul move ser
con support ank
eas hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre hold
kie hold
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move gol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par hold
ruh hold
rum move ser
sev support gal move rum
sil hold
ska hold
smy hold
swe move den
tyr support vie move tri
ukr hold
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support rum move bul
alb hold
ank support con
arm support smy
boh hold
bud move ser
bul hold
con support ank
den hold
eas hold
gre support rum move bul
kie hold
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move tys
nrg hold
nwy move stp
par hold
pru hold
ruh hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
ska hold
smy hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
