PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla support gal move rum
bot move swe
bur move bel
den move swe
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ser support alb move gre
stp move fin
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support par move bur
bla support rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move nth
fin move stp
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move hel
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support ank move con
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
tri support vie move tyr
tun move gre via convoy
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp move nwy
bla support rum
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move bel
den support hel
gas move bur
gre support bul
hel support den
hol support bel
ion move aeg
mid move eng
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ska support nwy
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army sev
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
bar support stp move nwy
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bud hold
bul support gre
bur move ruh
den move ska
eng move bre
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion support aeg move gre
gol move wes
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support gre
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move rom
arm support bla move ank
bar support stp move nwy
bel hold
bla move ank
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mun
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser move bul
ska support nwy move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move pie
ven support apu move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
gre move alb
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
bar support stp move nwy
bel hold
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support hol move bel
den move nth
fin move swe
gas move bur
hel support den move nth
hol move bel
ion move tys
lon move nwy
mid move wes
mar support gas move bur
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
par support gas move bur
pic support bel
ser support bud move rum
ska support swe move den
stp move nwy
swe move den
tyr move pie
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
nth move edi
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
arm move sev
bar support nwy
bel support bur move ruh
bur move ruh
con hold
den support ska move swe
edi move nth
gre move ion
hel move kie
hol support ruh move bel
lon hold
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bel
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
ska move swe
swe support nwy
tun hold
tys support nap move rom
ukr support arm move sev
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support nwy
bel support ruh move hol
bot move swe
bud support rum
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
hol move yor via convoy
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support bot move swe
pic support bel
pie support tri move tyr
ruh move hol
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys hold
ukr move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
pie move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
bal move ber
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bud support rum
bur support mun
con move smy
den move kie
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol support den move kie
lon move yor
gol support pie
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth support lon move yor
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie hold
rom support nap
rum support bud
sev move rum
swe support nwy
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support tyr move pie
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove tys
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support kie move ber
bar move nwy
boh support mun
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
gal move bud
hol support bel
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move den
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy support aeg move con
swe support yor move den
tun move ion
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support gal
yor move den
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
pie move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
den move kie
gal move ukr
hol hold
ion support tys move nap
gol move tys
mar hold
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
smy support bul move con
stp move mos
swe move den
tus move rom
tyr support ber move mun
tys move nap
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support rom
arm support sev
bal support kie
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support bul move con
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
hol hold
ion move apu
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nat move mid
nap support tys move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support bud move gal
sev support mos move ukr
smy support bul move con
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tys move rom
ukr move mos
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
arm move smy
bal support kie
ber move mun
bla move ank
bre move eng
bur support mun
con support bla move ank
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
mos move ukr
nat move mid
nap support tys move rom
nwy support swe
pie move ven
rom support apu move nap
ruh move kie
rum support gal
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
smy support bla move ank
swe support nwy
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support hol
ber support kie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
hol support bel
kie support nth move hol
mid support eng move bre
mar move pie
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pie move tus
rom support apu move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy support con move ank
swe support nwy
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
gal move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bre support nth move eng
bul move rum
bur move gas
den move hel
gal move vie
gre hold
hol hold
kie support mun
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap hold
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pic move eng
pie support tus
rom support apu move nap
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
swe support nwy
tus move rom
tys move wes
ven support rom
vie support rum move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas move spa
hel move hol
hol support bel
kie support hel move hol
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap hold
nwy move swe
pic move eng
pie move mar
rom support apu move ven
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
eng move bel
hel move hol
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
lvn move war
mid move bre
mun move kie
nth support hel move hol
pic move bre
por support iri move mid
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
tri move ser
ukr support war move gal
ven support rom
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove nwy
remove ruh
remove swe
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move gre
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul
hol support lon move bel
iri convoy lvp move gas
kie move mun
lon move bel
lvp move gas
mid convoy lvp move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth support lon move bel
pic move bel
pie move gol
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
ser support bul move gre
sev support rum move ukr
spa hold
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: army/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
gre disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud move gal
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
hol move hel
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support boh
nap hold
nth hold
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
ser move rum
sev move mos
spa move tus
tri move ven
tyr move boh
tys support spa move tus
ukr support bud move gal
vie support tyr move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
gal disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove pic
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh move sil
bud support gal
edi hold
eng move mid
gal support boh move sil
gre move ser
hel convoy lon move kie
lon move kie
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mun support sil
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy lon move kie
par move bur
rom support ven
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
boh move sil
bur move mar
edi move kie
gal support boh move sil
hel convoy edi move kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move kie
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army stp
remove tus
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move mun
bud move gal
gal move war
hel move nth
kie support mun
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp move iri
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nth move eng
pru support ber move sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
stp support mos
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven support apu move rom
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move war
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pie move tus
pru support sil
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support pru
stp move fin
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
wal move pic
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul move con
con move smy
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move bul
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support pru
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol move tus
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
alb move gre
boh move tyr
bur support mun
den move swe
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move war
ion move nap
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support sil
naf move tun
nap support rom
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
pru support sil
rom support pie move tus
ruh support mun
ser support alb move gre
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy move aeg
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion
ukr support gal move war
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
England: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con support smy
gre support smy move aeg
ion move apu
lon move eng
lvn support mos
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mos support lvn
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap support rom
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
pru support sil move war
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support vie move boh
tys support pie move tus
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
England: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
boh move sil
bur support mun
con move smy
eas move aeg
eng move mid
fin hold
gal support war
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn support mos
gol move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
pru support sil
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil hold
stp/nc hold
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven support rom
war support sev move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
