PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
vie move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move bal
bla support rum move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move hel
mid support bre move eng
mos support sev
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move nrg
pic move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
eng move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move bul via convoy
bal support den move swe
bla convoy arm move bul
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con support arm move bul
den move swe
eng support hol move nth
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
mid hold
mos support war
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
rum support arm move bul
sev support bla move rum
sil move pru
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tys move ion
ukr support bud move rum
wal move eng
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bel move ruh
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move wal
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
ion move eas
lon move yor
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos support war
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move bal
ukr support gal move war
ven move tus
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move bot
bot support fin move swe
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nth
fin move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
iri support wal move lvp
lon move wal
lvn move mos
gol move wes
mos move stp
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa hold
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tys move ion
ukr support war
wal move lvp
war support lvn move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support den move swe
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur hold
con support bul
den move swe
eas move aeg
gal support bud move rum
gre support eas move aeg
ion support eas move aeg
iri support lvp
kie support ruh move mun
mos support ukr move sev
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
smy support aeg move eas
spa hold
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
ukr move sev
ven hold
wal move eng
war hold
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
sev disband
swe disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move swe
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre move eng
bul hold
bur hold
con support bul
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
iri support lvp
kie support mun move ber
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move fin
rom hold
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
ven hold
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mun
remove stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
ber move sil
bla move rum
bul move ser
con move smy
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal support vie move boh
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move cly
gol hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support war move mos
swe move ska
tri move tyr
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
sil disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tyr move tri
bla support bul
boh move vie
bre move lon
bul support gre
cly support nrg move edi
edi move lvp
eng convoy bre move lon
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri move lvp
lon move eng
gol hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth support bre move lon
nrg move edi
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support mun move boh
ska move nwy
smy move arm
stp support ska move nwy
tri support ven
tyr move tri
ven support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
lon disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support smy move arm
boh move tyr
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur move mar
cly move nat
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
gre hold
ion convoy nap move alb
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bre
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move war
mun support boh move tyr
nap move alb
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move arm
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ser
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul support alb move ser
gre support bul
ion move tun
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
nat move mid
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri support alb move ser
tus support mar move pie
tyr support mun move boh
tys move rom
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar support stp/nc
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud support tri
bul move rum
gas move spa
gre move alb
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom move tys
rum support sev
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
sil move war
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus support tys move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support sev
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
gal move rum
lvn support war move mos
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move boh
naf support mid move wes
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move ser
sev support bul move rum
tri support rum move ser
tus move rom
tyr support mun move boh
ukr support war move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb hold
ank move arm
bar support stp/nc
bel hold
bla support sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
gal support tyr move vie
gre move ion
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bul move ser
arm support sev
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move rum
gal support vie move bud
gre move ion
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nap move rom
par move gas
ser support tri
sev support bul move rum
smy move eas
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
arm support sev
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move ser
eas move aeg
gal support ukr move rum
gas move mar
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move apu
pie move ven
rom hold
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
tri support ven move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ser move tri
apu move adr
arm support sev
bar move nrg
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bud move ser
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
gol convoy mar move tus
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nap support tys move ion
rom move apu
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg hold
apu move alb
arm support sev
bla support sev
bre move lon
eas support ion move aeg
eng convoy bre move lon
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
gol move tys
nap move ion
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support aeg
ven support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move eas
alb support ion move gre
arm move syr
bla support sev move rum
bud move ser
eas move aeg
gre move ion
ion move gre
mar move gas
nap support tys move ion
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy support aeg move eas
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg convoy syr move bul
alb move ser
bla support syr move bul
bre move wal
eas convoy syr move bul
eng convoy bre move wal
gas hold
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
mar move pie
nap move ion
rum move ser
ser move bul
smy support aeg
syr move bul via convoy
tri support alb move ser
ven support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support eas move ion
bla move bul/ec
bul move ser
eas move ion
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
lon move yor
nap move ion
pie move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
smy support aeg
tri move ser
ven move alb
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tri move ser
bla move bul/ec
bud support ukr move rum
bul move gre
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
gre move aeg
ion move alb
lon move yor
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move tys
par move pic
rum move ser
ser move bul
smy move eas
tri support ser
tun move tys
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bur hold
eas support ion
edi move lvp
gal move ukr
gre support bla move bul
ion support gre
kie move hel
lon move eng
gol move tys
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tun move ion
pic support bur
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
tri move ser
tun move ion
ven move apu
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre move ser
ank move arm
apu move ven
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla support aeg move bul
bur support bel move pic
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move ser
hel move nth
kie move mun
lon move bel
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nap support ion
nth move yor
nrg move cly
pic support lon move bel
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: army/dislodged ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
