PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber move mun
bot convoy stp move swe
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bur move bel
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move swe
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh move sil
bot support mos move stp
bre support eng
bul move gre
con support bul
den hold
eng support bel
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg support lon move nth
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tun support nap move ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bar support stp move nwy
bel support hol
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot support swe
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
con hold
den move swe
eng support bel
hel move den
ion support aeg move gre
gol hold
mun move boh
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
rum move ukr
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska support den move swe
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support stp
bel move lon via convoy
ber move kie
bot support swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy bel move lon
gre support con move bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move tun
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move fin
rom move tus
sev move bla
ska support nth move nwy
smy move arm
spa hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bar support swe move nwy
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul support ser
den hold
eng support lon
fin move nwy
gre move ion
hol support nth move bel
iri move lvp
kie support den
lon hold
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
ska support nwy move nth
spa hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr move tri
tys move wes
vie hold
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet con
remove fin
build Army mar
remove nth
build Fleet rom
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
den hold
edi move nrg
eng hold
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support den
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nwy move swe
pie move gol
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri support ser
tun move naf
tus move gol
vie move bud
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support swe move den
bar move nwy
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
cly support yor move edi
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move yor
eng support mid
hol move nth
gol support tus move pie
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos support ukr move war
naf support wes move mid
pie support mar
pru hold
rum move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil hold
spa support mar
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move bud
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
edi disband
mid move por
rum disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move rum via convoy
bal support den move kie
bel support mid move eng
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bud move gal
cly move edi
con move bul
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support bre move mid
kie move den
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar support spa
mos support war
naf support mid
nth support kie move den
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
por support spa
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
spa support mar
stp move lvn
tri move vie
ven move tyr
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
mid move nat
spa move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move sil
gas support mar
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos hold
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move eng
bla convoy con move rum
boh support sil move mun
con move rum via convoy
edi move nth
gas move spa
kie hold
lon support edi move nth
lvn move mos
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
naf move mid
nat support naf move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
pru support war
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
vie support rum move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
mar move bur
nth move hol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bre support por move mid
bur move bel
eng support mid move bre
gal hold
hol move bel
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol support mar
mid move gas
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
por move mid
pru move ber
rum hold
sev support mos
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
wes support nat move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Army par
remove pru
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move den
ber support mun move kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur move mar
den move nth
eng support gas move bre
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
kie move den
lon support bre move eng
gol support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nwy hold
par move gas
por support spa
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa support por
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
war hold
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move pic
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber hold
bur move bel
den hold
eng support bur move bel
gal move war
gas move bre
ion move tys
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move edi
gol support spa/nc
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hol
nrg move cly
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc hold
stp hold
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army nap
remove pic
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bot move bal
bre move par
bur support mun move ruh
cly move nat
con move rum via convoy
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support war move pru
gol move tus
mid move por
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru hold
rom move ven
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/nc support mid move por
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
bel support nth move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla hold
bur move pic
den hold
edi move cly
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth move hol
nwy support stp
par move bur
por support wes move mid
pru hold
ruh support mun move kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp hold
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet con
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support hol move kie
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move par
bur support bre move par
cly move nat
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
eng move mid
gas support pic move bre
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy nap move mar
mid support iri move eng
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move mar via convoy
nwy support stp
pic move bre
por support mid
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
sev move mos
spa/nc support gas
stp hold
tyr move boh
tys convoy nap move mar
ven move pie
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
eng move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
bur support bel move ruh
den support kie
eng support mid move iri
gas move par
kie move hel
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat hold
nth move nrg
nwy support stp
par move pic
pie move tyr
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/nc support por move mid
stp hold
war support pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den
ber support kie
bre move lon via convoy
bur move ruh
den hold
eng convoy bre move lon
iri move lvp
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy rom move mar
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nwy support stp
par move bre
rom move mar via convoy
sev move mos
spa/nc support mar move gas
stp hold
tyr move boh
tys convoy rom move mar
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gas disband
ruh disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
ber hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move bel via convoy
den hold
eng convoy bre move bel
gas move bre
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move tun via convoy
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
pru hold
ruh move hol
sev move mos
sil support ber
spa/nc move por
stp hold
tys convoy nap move tun
war support pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
