PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
eng support yor move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng support bel move pic
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
par support bur
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sev support bud move rum
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri move ser
ukr support bud move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support ukr move rum
bul support tun move gre
bur support bel move ruh
con support bul
eng move bre
gre move aeg
hol support ruh
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move mun
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy support bot move swe
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
ruh support mun move bur
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri move ser
tun move gre via convoy
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel support pic move bur
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con move bul
den support ska move nth
eng move mid
gre support con move bul
hol support ruh
ion move aeg
kie support hol
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun support kie
nap move ion
nwy move fin
par move pic
pic move bur
ruh support pic move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support ser
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul
arm support rum move sev
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng move wal
fin move swe
gas move par
gre move ser
hel support bel move hol
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support mun
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun support ruh
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev support ukr move rum
ska support nwy move nth
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bla support sev move rum
bud support ser
bul support sev move rum
con move smy
den support nth move hel
edi move cly
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move hol
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth move hel
par move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
tri support ser
tyr move vie
wal move lon
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support bul
arm move smy
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
hel support nth
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth support pic move bel
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
spa move gas
tri support ser
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur disband
rum disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul
bla support con
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support bel
con support smy
eas move smy
gas move spa
hel move nth
lon support bre move eng
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth move ska
par support bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
spa/nc move por
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
bla move ank
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con support smy
eas move syr
eng support bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon support eng
lvp move cly
mun support kie move ruh
nth support swe move den
par move bur
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska support swe move den
smy support con
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove hel
remove mid
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
eng move bel
gre support bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
nth support bel move hol
par support bur
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr
sil support war move pru
ska support nth
smy support con
spa move mar
syr move smy
tri support tyr
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support sev
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber support kie
bla support con move ank
boh support ruh move mun
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
con move ank
den move kie
eas move ion
hol move ruh
kie support ber
mar move bur
mun move kie
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska support nth
smy support aeg move con
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army nap
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur support sil move mun
con support arm move ank
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move bul/sc
ion move alb
kie support mun move ruh
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move hel
par move pic
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move nth
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr support war
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber support pru move sil
boh move gal
bul support ser move gre
bur support mun
con move bul/ec
gre support con move bul
hel support kie
hol support ruh
ion move adr
mid move wes
nth support hel
pic move bel
pru move sil
rom support apu move ven
ruh support hol
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support war
war support ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support con move bul
ank support arm move smy
apu move ven
arm move smy
bel support hol
ber support kie
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move bul/ec
gre support con move bul
hel support kie
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ruh
par move bur
rom support apu move ven
ruh support mun
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil support ber
tri move adr
tus support ven move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
vie move tri
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
apu move rom
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support ank move con
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
gre support con move bul
hel support kie
gol move tys
mar move gas
mun support ruh
nth support hel
rom support tus move ven
ruh support hol
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven support apu move rom
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
rum move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
remove bul/sc
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army sev
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support rum move bul
boh support war move gal
bre move mid
bud support gal
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
gal support bud
gas move bur
gre move bul
hel support kie
mun move tyr
nth support hel
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support rum
boh support war move gal
bud support alb move tri
bur support mun
con support bul
gal move vie
gre support ser
hel support kie
ion move nap
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos move lvn
nap move rom
nth support hel
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum support bul
ser support alb move tri
sil support boh
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys support ion move nap
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move ank
gal move bud
gre support ser
hel support kie
hol support ruh
lvn move stp
mid move wes
nap support tys move rom
nth support hel
rom support tri move ven
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sil support boh
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ukr move gal
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ven
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bul move gre
bur move mun
gal support bud
gre support ser move bul
hel support kie
lon move eng
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth support hel
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move bul
sil support boh
stp move nwy
tri support apu move ven
vie support mun move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
ber support kie
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal support boh
gre support bul move ser
hel support kie
mar move pie
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
sil support boh
smy support ank move con
tri support ven
tun move ion
ven support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move gre
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support bul
bud support vie move tri
bul support aeg move gre
edi move lvp
gal support boh
gre move ser
hel support kie
ion move gre
lon move eng
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nat support edi move lvp
nth support hel
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser support aeg move gre
sil support boh
tri support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
tri disband
ven disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
