PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla hold
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
sev support ukr move rum
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support kie move ruh
ber hold
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support par
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support rum
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy support den move swe
par support bur
por move mid
rum support gal
ser move rum
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support boh move mun
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gas support bur
ion hold
mid move iri
nth support eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
rum hold
sev move bla
sil move war
tri move ven
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
apu move adr
bel support ruh
bla convoy con move sev
bud move tri
bur move bel
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre hold
ion support apu move adr
iri support mid move nat
mid move nat
nat move lvp
nth support bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move bel
rum move bud
sev move mos
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
bel support ruh
bla support sev move rum
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng support lvp move iri
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
ion support adr
iri move lvp
lvp move iri
nat support iri move lvp
nth support bel
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army edi
remove rum
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
aeg hold
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
edi support lvp
eng move bel
gre move alb
ion support tri move alb
iri move mid
lvp hold
mos move sev
nat support iri move mid
nth support eng move bel
pic move bre
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support bul move rum
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg hold
alb support tri move ser
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
bul support sev move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol support bur move ruh
ion move gre
lvp hold
mid move wes
mos move sev
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move den
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
bel hold
bla convoy con move arm
boh support mun
bud support alb move ser
bur move mun
con move arm via convoy
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon hold
lvp move nat
mid move naf
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp/nc support edi move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move ven
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel support lon move hol
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie support ruh move mun
lon move hol via convoy
naf support tun
nat hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support ion move gre
sev support bud move rum
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
tun hold
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar support nwy move stp
bel move nth
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul hold
bur support mun
edi move nrg
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
naf move wes
nat support bre move mid
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move stp
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
ukr support sev
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support con
bar support fin move stp
boh support sil move mun
bul support gre
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den move bal
fin move stp
gre support ion
hol support kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn support ukr move mos
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
nat hold
nth move den
nrg move nth
pie move tus
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm move smy
bal move bot
bar support stp
boh support tyr
con move bla
den move bal
fin support stp
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support tun
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mid move naf
mos support lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nat hold
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
rom support nap move tys
rum move sev
sil move mun
stp hold
tun support nap move tys
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal convoy den move pru
bar support fin move stp
boh support tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bul move con
den move pru via convoy
fin move stp
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support tus move tys
mun hold
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth hold
pie move tus
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tun support tys
tus move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tus
ven move pie
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
tys move nap
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm support smy move ank
bal convoy den move pru
bar support stp
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
con support smy move ank
den move pru via convoy
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support den move pru
gol move mar
mid hold
mos support war
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support rom
nth hold
pie support ven move tus
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
smy move ank
stp support lvn
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tus
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm hold
bal support pru move ber
bar hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
con move bul
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
mid hold
mos support war
mun hold
nap move tys
nth hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil move pru
stp move mos
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support mos
war support sil move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal support ber move pru
bar hold
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bre move mid
bul move ser
edi move den via convoy
ion support rom move tys
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie move mar
pru hold
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move rum
stp support lvn
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support mos
war support pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy den move pru
bar move nwy
ber support pru move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
den move pru via convoy
eng hold
ion move tys
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support pru move sil
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support bot move lvn
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support war
war support sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
bur move mar
eng hold
gal support war
ion support rom move tys
lvn support sil move war
mar move gol
mos support war
mun hold
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support boh
ukr support war
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support kie
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
eng hold
gal support war
kie support mun
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nap support ion
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support tus
pru move war
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support pru
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
eng hold
gal support war
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move wes
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support tus
pru support sil
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp move mos
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm move ank
bal support pru
ber support sil
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
eng move mid
gal support war
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move tus
mos support war
mun hold
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move tus
pru support sil
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh
tys support pie move tus
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support lvn
ber support sil
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
eng hold
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support tus
pru support sil
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr support pie
tys hold
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support bot move lvn
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
eng hold
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie support tus
pru move war
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support lvn
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
eng move mid
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil move boh
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
ukr support war
ven support tus
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support lvn
boh move tyr
bot support lvn
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys move tus
mid move naf
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support tys move tus
pru move war
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil support mun move boh
stp move mos
tri support boh move tyr
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven
tyr move vie
tys move tus
ukr support war
ven support tus
vie support boh move tyr
war support gal move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move arm
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot support lvn
gal support tyr move boh
ion support nap move tys
lvn support sil move war
gol support wes move tys
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support mun move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr move boh
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal hold
boh support tri move tyr
bot support lvn
gal support ukr move war
ion support nap move tys
lvn support war move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp support war move mos
tri move tyr
tun support wes move naf
tus move pie
tys hold
ukr move war
ven support tus
vie support boh
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet/dislodged naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
naf disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army war
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm move sev
bal move kie
boh move sil
bot move bal
edi hold
gal support boh move sil
ion support nap move tys
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos
lvp move yor
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support sil move war
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
pie support mun move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom support nap move tys
sev move rum
sil move war
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move bur
boh support sil move mun
edi hold
gal move war
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move ska
pie move tus
pru support war
rom support tus
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil move mun
stp support mos
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support pie move tus
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
war support mos
wes support tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur support hol move ruh
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mos move ukr
mun support boh move sil
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move den
pie support tus
pru support war
rom support ven move tus
rum support ukr
sev move mos
ska hold
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tus
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal convoy den move ber
ber move kie
bur support kie move mun
den move ber via convoy
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvn support war
gol support pie move tus
mos support war
mun support sil
nap support gre move ion
nth hold
pie move tus
pru support war
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil support mun
ska move nwy
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support ion move nap
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support ion
gal move war
ion support nap
kie move mun
lvn support war
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
nap support rom
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie move gol
pru support war
ruh support den move kie
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil support mun
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr move pie
war support mos
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support kie
bur move mun
eas support ion
gal support sil
hol move kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn support war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
nap move tys
nth hold
pie support rom move tus
pru move sil
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil support mun
stp support mos
swe move bot
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tus
ukr support gal
ven support rom move tus
war support pru move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support kie
bot support lvn
bur move mun
eas support ion
gal move war
ion support nap move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn support war
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos support war
mun support sil
nap move tys
nth hold
pie support mar move tus
pru move sil
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun
stp support mos
tun support tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys support mar move tus
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr move pie
war support pru move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move bal
boh support sil
bot support lvn
eas support ion
gal support sil
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
rum support ukr
sev move mos
stp support mos
tun support tys
tus support nap move tys
tys support gol move tus
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bot support lvn
eas support ion
gal move war
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth hold
pie hold
pru support ber move sil
rom support tus
ruh support mun
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
war support ber move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
boh support gal
bot hold
eas support ion
gal support ukr
ion support nap move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pie support tyr
pru move sil
rom support tus
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh
tys hold
ukr support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move pru
boh support bud move gal
bot hold
bud move gal
eas support ion
gal move boh
ion support nap move tys
kie move pru
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support gal move boh
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie support tus
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
rum support bud move gal
sev support ukr
sil support gal move boh
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support nap move tys
tyr support boh
tys hold
ukr support bud move gal
vie support bud move gal
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
boh move gal
bot hold
bre move gas
bur support ruh move mun
eas move smy
ion support rom move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move apu
nth hold
pie support tyr
pru support war
ruh move mun
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support boh move gal
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support rom move tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ukr support sev move mos
vie support gal
war support boh move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion
bal hold
boh support sil move gal
bot hold
bur support ruh move mun
gal support vie
gas support mar
ion support nap move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nap move tys
nth hold
pie support tus
pru support war
rom support nap move tys
ruh move kie
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support nap move tys
tyr support pie
tys hold
ukr support sev
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal hold
boh support mun move tyr
bot hold
bur support kie move mun
gal support ukr
gas support mar
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth hold
pie support tus
pru support war
rom support nap move tys
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support nap move tys
tyr support pie
tys move tus
ukr support gal
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal hold
ber move sil
boh support pie move tyr
bot hold
bur support gas move mar
gal support ukr
gas move mar
ion support tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth hold
pie move tyr
rom support tys
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun support wes
tus support tys
tyr support ven
tys support tus
ukr support gal
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
