PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
eng move iri
fin move swe
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
tri move ven
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gas move spa
hol hold
iri move mid
nwy hold
pru hold
rum hold
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den support hol move kie
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar move bur
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
tyr move ven
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support ber move kie
hol move kie
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gol
mos support ukr
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move ven
ukr support mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ion
bel move hol
bla support rum
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
den move kie
gal support ukr
gre move ser
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol move tys
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos move stp
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev hold
smy move aeg
ukr support gal
ven move tus
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support sev
bud support alb move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol support lon move bel
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
mos support ukr move sev
pie move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
sev support rum
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus support tys move rom
tys move tun
ukr move sev
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
ion move eas
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber support kie
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
eas move smy
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
mar hold
mos move sev
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gre move ser
ser move gre
sev support rum
stp support nwy
tus move rom
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove nrg
build Army par
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eas move smy
eng move bel
gal support rum
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
mos support rum move sev
mun move boh
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser hold
sev support bul move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tys move tun
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move nth
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support lon move bel
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
rom support apu move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
tys move tun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
remove nth
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal move bud
kie hold
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move tun via convoy
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
stp move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move tun
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre hold
bur move mun
den move nth
eng move iri
gre hold
mos support sev
nap hold
pie move tus
rom support nap
ser support gre
smy move con
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
bud move ser
con support gre move bul
edi move yor
gre move bul
hol support mun move kie
lvp support edi move yor
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move kie
nap support rom
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
par move bur
rom hold
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
stp move lvn
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
ser move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
gal support ser move bud
gre move ser
hol hold
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mos support sev
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth move hol
rom hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support tys move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move mun
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con move smy
gal move vie
hol move kie
kie support nth move hol
lon hold
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move hol
rom hold
ruh support hol move kie
ser support bul move rum
sil support ber move mun
stp move nwy
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
wal support yor move lon
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
rom move apu
rum move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla move con
bud move ser
den move kie
gal support vie
hol support den move kie
mos support sev
mun support den move kie
nat move nrg
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
tri hold
tyr support ruh move mun
tys support rom move nap
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move smy
ber move kie
bud support rum move ser
con support arm move smy
gal move boh
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nrg move nth
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ven support nap move apu
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bel move lon via convoy
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bla
nrg move nth
pie support ven move tyr
smy move ank
tri move bud
tys move rom
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
bla support ank move arm
boh move mun
bre move wal via convoy
bud support vie move gal
gal move bud
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon support hol move nth
mar move pie
mun support tyr move boh
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move nap
ser support gal move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil support boh move mun
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: army/dislodged bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
mun move tyr
nth move hel
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support bur move mun
bre move par
bud move tri
bur move mun
edi move yor
gal move war
hel move hol
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
sil support mun
smy move con
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel support mun move ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eng move iri
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos move war
mun move ruh
nat move mid
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
vie move bud
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support ruh move hol
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bur move mun
den move nth
gal move rum
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
nat move mid
nth move edi
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi hold
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nat move mid
nth move edi
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move arm
sil support gal move war
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
arm move ank
ber support kie
bla support aeg move con
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bur move par
edi move nrg
eng convoy nwy move spa
gal move rum
hol support ruh move kie
iri move lvp
kie hold
lvn move war
mid convoy nwy move spa
nth convoy nwy move spa
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move boh
ukr move mos
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: army/dislodged bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army/dislodged con
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
con move bul
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul support ank move con
con support rum move bul
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol support ruh move kie
iri move lvp
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nrg move bar
par support eng move bre
pru move sil
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri support gal move bud
ukr move gal
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
bud move ser
tri move ven
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support ank move con
con move smy
gal support sev move rum
gas support bur move par
hol support ruh move kie
kie move hol
mun support sil move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move eng
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
ruh move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support boh move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
France: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber support mun move sil
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con move smy
edi move lvp
gal move ukr
gas move spa
hol move bel
kie hold
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth move lon
pic move par
pru move ber
ser move tri
sev support bul move rum
sil move mun
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
France: army/dislodged rum
France: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
tri move ven
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber support mun move sil
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move par
con move smy
den move kie
edi move lvp
gal move vie
gas move spa
kie hold
mar support gas move spa
mun move sil
pic move par
pru move war
ser support vie move bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
tri support gal move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
spa/sc move por
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
