PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move smy
den hold
kie move mun
mid move wes
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
rom support ven
ruh move hol
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
bel hold
ber move pru
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
den move ska
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move bal
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun support nap move tys
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move bar
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
ank support con
arm move smy
bal move den
bar support edi move nwy
bel move bur
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support bla move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul
gol move tys
mos move war
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev hold
ska support nth move nwy
spa support bur move mar
swe move den
tun support tys
tys support tun
ven move tus
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bar support nrg move nwy
bla move con
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move eas
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pru move war
rum support sev
ser move tri
ska support nwy move swe
spa move naf via convoy
stp hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus support pie
tys support tun move wes
war hold
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support smy move con
bal move swe
bar support fin move stp
bla support smy move con
bul support con
bur move mar
con hold
den hold
eas move smy
fin move stp
kie move den
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
naf move tun
nth support kie move den
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bud
sev move bla
ska support kie move den
smy move con
spa hold
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
vie move boh
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army mun
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
lvn move pru
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
pru move war
sev move rum
ska move den
spa move tus via convoy
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri support ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven support pie
war support lvn move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move nrg
bla convoy con move sev
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf support mid move wes
nth move yor
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru support war move sil
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
sil support kie move ber
stp/nc move bar
tri move bud
tus support mar move pie
tyr support mun move boh
tys move rom
ven support pie
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
sil move mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
gal move boh
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa
mar move pie
mun support ber
naf move mid
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum support bul move ser
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
tri support vie
tun hold
tus support mar move pie
tyr support boh move vie
ven support pie
vie support gal move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support tri move tyr
con move smy
gal move bud
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support tyr move boh
pie support ven
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move por
stp support war move mos
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move boh
ven support pie
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army kie
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal support ber
bar convoy edi move stp
ber hold
boh support mun move tyr
edi move stp
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support stp move lvn
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie support rom move tus
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support rom move tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur move mar
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support vie move boh
lvn support mos move war
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
pie support tri move tyr
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tus move gol
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
remove sil
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move den
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh move mun
bud move gal
con move aeg
gal move sil
ion support tun
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
gol support tys move wes
mun hold
nrg move nat
pie move mar
sev move mos
stp move mos
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud move vie
den move hel
gal support boh move sil
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move spa
mun hold
nat move mid
nrg move nth
pie move mar
sev move mos
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf move mid
nth move eng
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
war disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh support mun
eng support mid
gal move war
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn support mos move war
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes move spa
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move den
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
den move bal
eng support mid
gal support ukr move war
hel move nth
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
gol convoy pie move spa
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move sil
naf support spa/sc move mid
pie move spa
por support spa/sc move mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move mos
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber support mun move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
eas move ion
eng support mid
gal support war
gas move par
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
nth move ska
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war support pru move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
edi move nth
eng support mid
gal support pru move sil
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
par move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support ber move pru
ska move swe
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support pru move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bot support swe move fin
bre hold
den move swe
eng support mid
gal move sil
gas support par move bre
iri support mid
gol support pie move mar
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
swe move fin
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
mun move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
remove nwy
remove pic
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bre hold
bur move bel
eng support mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support bre
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
por support wes move mid
ruh move bel
sev move mos
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe move den
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
boh support mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bur move pic
eng move wal
gas support mar move bur
iri move nat
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
nwy support stp move fin
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
boh support mun
bur move bel
den support swe
fin move swe
gal move war
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move kie
naf move mid
nwy support fin move swe
pic support bur move bel
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support mun
vie move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move bur
hol move ruh
kie move ber
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nwy support fin move swe
pic support bel
pru support ber
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc hold
stp support nwy
swe move bal
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel support bur move ruh
boh move mun
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move eng
mos hold
mun move kie
nwy support swe
pic support bel
por move mid
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
swe support kie move den
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move pru
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
fin move swe
gal move boh
hol hold
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth support hol
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bur
pru hold
ruh move hol
sil move ber
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged bre
Austria: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
ven move rom
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
remove gas
remove hol
remove pic
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support eng
bud move gal
bur move mar
den support ber move kie
eng support bre
ion move tys
kie move ber
mun move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pru support ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
