PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support bur move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
lvn move swe via convoy
nap move tun via convoy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support tri move ser
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move ser
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bel support mar move bur
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul hold
con support bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bel
ion convoy tun move gre
kie support ruh move hol
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move aeg
tun move gre via convoy
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support tun move gre
bel support hol
bla hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move lon
gal support bud move rum
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move hel
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser support tun move gre
sil move war
spa hold
tun move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove nrg
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support nap move gre
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move eng
bul support con move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move gre via convoy
den support hel move nth
edi move yor
gal support rum
hel move nth
hol hold
ion convoy nap move gre
lon move wal
mar move gol
mun move tyr
naf hold
nap move gre via convoy
nth support hol move bel
pic support bre move eng
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser support nap move gre
spa move mar
ukr move mos
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support gre
bel support hol
bla move con
bot convoy swe move lvn
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
den move ska
eng move wal
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion support gre
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth support hol move bel
nwy move stp
pic move eng
pie move ven
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr move vie
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army rom
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support gre
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy tun move nap
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvn move mos
mar move gas
mos support war
nth support bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move gal
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp support lvn move mos
tun move nap via convoy
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move lon
war support mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
bot move bal
bre support wal move eng
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move par
con hold
eas move ion
gal move bud
gas support bur move par
gre support bul
ion support gre
lon move wal
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par hold
rum support mos move sev
smy hold
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
wal move eng
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
ion move tys
par move pic
sev move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support gre
bel support pic move bur
ber move sil
bre support par move pic
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
eng move nth
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
gre support alb
ion hold
kie move hel
lvp move wal
mun move tyr
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move arm
smy move arm
swe move bot
tri move vie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul support gre
bur move mar
cly move edi
con hold
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move nap via convoy
hel move nth
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol convoy tus move spa
nap move rom
nth move lon
nrg move nat
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move arm
tri move vie
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support vie
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army mar
remove rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bur
ber hold
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur support bel
cly move lvp
con hold
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
gas move bur
gre move nap via convoy
ion support gol move tys
kie move hol
lon support eng move nth
lvp hold
gol convoy tus move mar
nat move mid
nth move lon
par support gas move bur
pie support tus move mar
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus move mar via convoy
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
nth move nrg
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bur
ber move kie
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bul hold
bur support bel
cly support nrg move edi
con move bul
edi hold
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support nth move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol support mar
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
nth move bel
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move ven
smy move con
spa hold
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr move ven
ukr move war
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
remove kie
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul support ser move gre
bur support pic move par
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
lvp move wal
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par support gas move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
ser support ven move tri
sil move pru
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
par move gas
spa disband
tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bre support gas move par
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support par
con move bul
gas move par
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move stp
gol support ion move tys
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move tys
nwy support lvn move stp
par support bur
por hold
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil move war
smy move con
spa support mar move gas
stp/sc move lvn
tri support ser move bud
tys move rom
vie support bud move tri
wal move eng
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move pic
bot move swe
bre support bel move pic
bud support alb move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support mid move bre
gal support mos move war
gas move mar
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid support par move bre
mos move war
nwy move nth
par move bre
por hold
rom move nap
ruh support bur move bel
rum move sev
ser support vie move bud
spa move por
stp support nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tys move ion
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
bud move tri
bul support gre move ser
edi move nth
eng move pic
gal move bud
gas support pic move bre
gre move ser
ion support alb move gre
lon hold
gol support spa
mid move bre
mar support spa
mun move kie
nap hold
nwy move swe
pic move bre
por hold
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
