PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
kie move den
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank hold
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
con hold
den move swe
edi move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
lvn move war
mid move por
pic move bel
rum hold
sil move mun
spa hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
con move aeg
ion convoy nap move tun
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move mar
tri move vie
ven hold
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
ber move sil
bla support rum
bur move mun
hol hold
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol move tys
nap hold
nth support lon move eng
smy hold
tyr move tri
vie hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
France: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank hold
bre move eng
bul hold
con hold
gre move ion
hol move kie
lon move nwy
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bur
rom move tys
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy hold
tri move ven
tun support rom move tys
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank hold
bla support rum move bul
bul support rum move ser
bur support mun
con hold
den move nth
eng move lon
hol move kie
ion hold
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army par
remove smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ber move mun
bla convoy sev move con
bre move eng
bul support ser move gre
bur move bel
con support gre move bul
eng move iri
gre move bul
ion move aeg
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par move bur
ser move gre
sil support ber move mun
stp move nwy
tyr move vie
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
eng move lon
gre support rum move bul
hol move kie
lon move nth
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move bel
nrg convoy nwy move edi
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla convoy sev move ank
bud move ser
con move bul
edi hold
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre support bud move ser
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mun support hol move kie
nth move den
nrg convoy nwy move cly
ruh support eng move bel
tri move vie
ven move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
boh support gal move vie
bul move gre
den hold
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie move mun
mun support ruh move kie
nth hold
nrg support nwy
pic move bre
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move bul
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie hold
yor move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
gre move alb
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move tri
ank support bla move con
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move mid
den hold
edi support yor move lvp
gre move bul
hol support ruh move kie
mun support tyr
nap support ven move rom
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bre
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support mun
ven move rom
vie support boh move tyr
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move iri
tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel move nth
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bud hold
bul support smy move con
con support rum move bul
den support bel move nth
edi support lvp
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move bud
sil move mun
smy move con
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
con move bla
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support ank move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
con move smy
hol move ruh
iri move eng
kie support den
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth support swe move den
pie move tyr
rom move tus
rum move bul
sil support boh move mun
ska support swe move den
smy support ank move con
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
ber move mun
bla support rum move bul
bul move rum
con move smy
den move kie
edi hold
eng move bel
hel move den
hol move nth
ion support ser move gre
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
lvp hold
gol move tys
pic move bur
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sil support mun
ska support nth
smy support aeg move con
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ven support tus move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army/dislodged den
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
den move swe
pie move mar
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
bla move con
bud move ser
bur move mun
con hold
gre move nap
hol move hel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support den
mar hold
nth support swe move den
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
smy support bla move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ven move rom
war support sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
edi hold
eng hold
hel support den
hol move nth
ion support nap
kie support den
lvp move wal
mar hold
nap support ven move rom
nth support swe move den
nwy support nth
pie move tus
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sil support mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tyr support mun
tys support wes move tun
ven move rom
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy wal move bre
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion support ser move gre
kie support den
nap support rom
nth support swe move den
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe move den
smy move con
swe move den
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun move ion
wal move bre
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
nth move nrg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi move lvp
eng convoy wal move bre
hol move hel
ion support tys move nap
mun support ber move kie
nth move lon
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
ska support nwy move nth
swe move den
tyr support mun
tys move nap
wal move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
remove lvp
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
den support hol move kie
eng support wal move lon
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
mos move war
mun support kie
nth support swe move den
nrg move edi
ser support bul move gre
ska support swe move den
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
ion move aeg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
bal support hol move kie
bel move ruh
bre move eng
eng support wal move lon
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move nap
nap support rom
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom support nap
tun move tys
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
