PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre support pic
bud hold
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/sc
den move ska
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth support lon move eng
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move ank
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bre hold
bud support vie
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support lon move bel
gre support rum move bul
hol support lon move bel
kie move mun
lon move bel via convoy
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move arm
apu move adr
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
con support ank move smy
den move kie
eng support bel
gre hold
hol hold
ion hold
kie move mun
mun move bur
nth support bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support ank move con
bur move bel
con support smy move ank
eng move mid
gre move ion
hol support bur move bel
ion support tri move alb
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pic support bre
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
ruh move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
ank support smy move con
arm support con move ank
bel hold
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support ion move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move gre
kie move hel
mid move por
mun support ruh move bur
nth support pic move bel
nwy move nth
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support alb move ser
ser support gre
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bur move par
gre move aeg
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support ank
bel hold
bla support bul move con
bud support vie
bul move con
bur support hol move bel
con move ank
edi move nth
eng support bel
gre support ion move aeg
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
par support mar move bur
pic support bel
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
rum support tri move bud
ser support tri move bud
smy support con move ank
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bud support tri move vie
bur support par move gas
con hold
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move ion
hel move den
hol support ruh
ion move tun
mid move naf
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
par move gas
pic support bel
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
swe support nth move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support bla move arm
bel move pic
bla move arm
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
con move smy
den support nth move hel
edi move nth
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
ion support tun
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
rom move tus
ser move tri
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tun support nap move tys
tyr move pie
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet/dislodged hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm hold
bot move bal
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
gal move boh
ion move tun
lon move den via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move nat
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
pic move bel
pie hold
smy hold
swe support bot move bal
syr move smy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support gal move boh
tys support tus move gol
vie support gal move boh
war support lvn move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
boh support war move sil
bur support bel move ruh
den support kie
edi support nat move nrg
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support den
gol support tys move wes
mar support wes move spa
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move gas
pie hold
pru move ber
smy move ank
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
edi move nrg
gas support spa/sc
hel move hol
kie support den
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support tus move spa
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
naf hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pie move mar
ruh support hel move hol
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tun hold
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support mun
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
nwy move swe
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support den
bar move nwy
ber support kie
bla hold
bur move mun
den support ska
gas support por move spa
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie support mun move ruh
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa move por
mar support por move spa
mun move ruh
naf hold
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
ska support bar move nwy
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
swe support bar move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support den
bar support stp/nc move nwy
ber support kie
bla hold
bur move mun
den support ska
gas support por move spa
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
kie support den
lvn move pru
gol support spa move mar
mid move bre
mar support por move spa
mos move lvn
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy move nth
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
ska support stp/nc move nwy
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven move tus
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar support nwy move nrg
ber support kie
bre support naf move mid
bur move mun
den move nth
gas support spa/sc move mar
hel move nth
kie support bal move den
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar support gol move spa
mun support kie
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
ska support den move nth
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bal move den
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr support mun
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bar move nrg
ber support kie
bla hold
bre hold
den move hel
edi support hel move nth
eng move lon
hel move nth
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie support mun
mid support wes move spa
mar support wes move spa
mun support kie
naf hold
nth support den move hel
nrg move cly
nwy support nth
pie support mar
pru support ber
sil support mun
ska move den
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
swe move ska
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
ber move kie
bla hold
bre support mar move gas
bur support gas move mar
cly support nth move edi
den support ska move nth
fin move swe
gas move mar
hel support kie move hol
kie move hol
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nth
spa/sc support pie move mar
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
gas disband
hol disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre support mid move eng
cly move edi
den move hel
edi move yor
eng move wal
gas move par
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp support eng move wal
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por move mid
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys hold
ven move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bla move con
boh support mun
bre support eng
bur support par
eng support wal move lon
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar support bur
mos move war
mun support bur
nap move ion
par support bur
pie move ven
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
