PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support tri
sil move ber
spa move por
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move hol via convoy
eng move bel
gre support bul move ser
kie move hol
mun support ber move sil
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bre move eng
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bud
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move yor
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
ion move adr
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pru move ber
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa move gas
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel move wal via convoy
ber support sil
bre support eng
bud support rum move gal
bul support ser
bur support pic move bel
den support ska move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gas move par
gre support ser
hol support nth move bel
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
pru support war move sil
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev hold
sil support ber
ska move swe
smy move eas
swe support ska move den
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support fin move swe
bel move pic
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move bal
eas support aeg move ion
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
gal move vie
lon move wal
mun move sil
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru support sil move ber
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move ber
swe support den move bal
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys move ion
vie support alb move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel move wal via convoy
ber hold
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move bal
eas move ion
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move nwy
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie support sil move mun
lvp move cly
mid move iri
nth move lon
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
bal move swe
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move con
bud support alb move tri
bul support gre
bur support bel move ruh
cly move lvp
den move bal
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gre support eas move ion
ion move alb
iri support cly move lvp
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mun support kie move ber
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
stp move fin
swe hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
lon move nth
lvp move edi
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army kie
remove nth
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
alb move ion
ank move con
bal move den
bel support eng move nth
ber move sil
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre move alb
ion move adr
iri move eng
kie support ber
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mun support ber move sil
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser support tri
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
swe move ska
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bul move rum
con move bul
edi support nth move cly
eng move nth
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bur
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support bel move hol
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move gal
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move vie
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
edi move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove cly
build Army con
remove den
remove gal
build Fleet mar
remove mun
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal move bot
ber move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
mar move gol
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move con
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
arm support rum move sev
bel move ruh
boh support war move gal
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
gal move bud
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol hold
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev hold
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sev move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng support nth
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun support kie move ber
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move tri
swe move nwy
tri hold
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
bal move bot
ber move pru
bla move sev
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur move ruh
eng move mid
gal move vie
hol move nwy via convoy
kie move ber
mid move wes
mos support bla move sev
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move nwy
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe support hol move nwy
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr support bla move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
arm move sev
ber move sil
bot support swe move fin
bud move rum
bul move ser
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap hold
nth move eng
nwy support swe move fin
par move bur
pru support ber move sil
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev support bud move rum
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
bot support stp
bre move par
bud support rum
bur move mun
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move rum
gol support wes move tys
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move tus via convoy
nwy support stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru move lvn
rum support arm move sev
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tys convoy nap move tus
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
tys move tus
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
remove stp
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bot support nwy move stp
bud support vie
con move bul
fin support nwy move stp
gal move vie
lvn support pru move war
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap support rom
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support nap
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move aeg
tun support tys move ion
tyr support gal move vie
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
vie support bud
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
rum move ser
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
arm move sev
boh support vie
bot support fin move stp
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move stp
gal support rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tus
mos move sev
nap support rom
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil support war
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys support ion move nap
ukr support rum
ven support apu
vie support tyr move tri
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
