PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri support ven
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move gas
den hold
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
lon hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move bar
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move sev
bal move ber
bar support nth move nwy
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng move mid
gas move spa
gre support ion move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
lon hold
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum support arm move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bud move rum
swe move den
tri hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
nwy move fin
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bar support nwy move stp
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
den move kie
fin support swe move nwy
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
lon hold
mar move spa
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri hold
vie move gal
war hold
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
con hold
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support bul
lon move bre
mun support den move kie
nwy support fin move stp
par hold
rum support bul
sev support bla move rum
spa move por
stp/nc support bar move nwy
tri hold
ukr move mos
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move rum
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move con
con move smy
eng support lon move nth
fin move swe
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move nth
mos support sev
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
por move spa
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
sev support bla move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support bar move nwy
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move bel
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
eng convoy bre move bel
fin move nwy
gal move war
gre hold
mid support spa move gas
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy support stp/nc move stp
par support bel move pic
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev support bla move rum
smy support aeg move con
spa move gas
stp/nc support nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support rum move bla
bel move ruh
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bla
den move nth
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support swe move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gas support mid move bre
gre hold
hol support edi move nth
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nwy support stp/nc move stp
par move bre
rom move ven
rum move bla
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr support bud move rum
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bla move con
bre support mid
bur move bel
con support bul
den move ska
eng support pic move bre
fin support swe move nwy
gas support bre
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
mid support bre
nth support eng
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
sev move mos
smy support con
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
remove iri
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre support bel move pic
bul support aeg move con
con hold
den support ber move kie
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
gas support mar move bur
gre hold
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth support eng
nwy support swe move den
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
smy move con
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri hold
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
arm move sev
bul support gre
bur support gas move par
con hold
den support mun move kie
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
gas move par
gre hold
hol support pic move bel
ion move eas
mid support bre
mos support arm move sev
mun move kie
nth support eng
nwy support swe move den
par move gas
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support sev
smy support aeg move con
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri support gal move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
remove mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con support arm move smy
den support swe
eas support smy
eng support bel
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
kie support ber move bal
mid support bre move eng
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move nrg
par support bur
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support bul move con
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
kie move ber
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move smy
bal move swe
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bul hold
bur support eng move bel
con support arm move smy
den support bal move swe
eas support smy
eng move bel
gal support boh move sil
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move nat
mun support boh move sil
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
par move pic
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support bul move con
swe move nwy
tri hold
tys move wes
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bar move nwy
ber support kie move mun
bul move con
bur move ruh
con support arm move smy
den move edi
eas support smy
eng support ruh move bel
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
kie move mun
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth convoy den move edi
nrg move nat
pic move bre
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
smy support bul move con
swe move nwy
tri hold
tys move wes
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
Italy: fleet/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
war disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bar move nwy
bel support hol
ber move kie
bul move con
con support arm move smy
eas move smy
edi support nat move lvp
eng move nth
gal move war
hol support bel
kie move den
mid move nat
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nth move den
pic move eng
ruh support mun move kie
rum move gal
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move con
swe move den
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move bla
bel support hol
ber move bal
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move con
con move bul/ec
eas move ion
edi move den
eng support lon move wal
gal support vie move boh
hol support bel
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mid move bre
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nth convoy edi move den
pic move eng
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil support war move pru
smy support bul move con
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr move mun
vie move boh
wal support pic move eng
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move den
bel support hol
bla move sev
boh move sil
bur support pic move bel
con support arm move ank
edi move den
eng support bel
gal move rum
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mid move eng
nat support wal move lvp
nth convoy edi move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
smy support bla move con
stp hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move boh
wal move lvp
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move pic
lvp move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army nap
remove nwy
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bel support mid move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel
con move smy
edi support wal move lvp
eng move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support eng move bel
kie support mun
mid move eng
mun support ven move tyr
nat support lvp
nap move apu
nth support eng move bel
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Italy: fleet/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
mun move ruh
smy move eas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu support rom move ven
bel support hol
ber support mun
bre move par
bur move mun
eas move aeg
edi move den
eng move lon
gre support eas move aeg
hol support bel
ion support gre
kie move den
mos move stp
mun hold
nat support lvp
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
remove par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move nth
ber support mun move kie
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
edi move lvp
eng support pic move bel
hol support bel move nth
ion move adr
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat support lvp
nth move lon
pic move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support kie
rum move bla
sil move mun
smy move con
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wal support nth move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
bul hold
bur support eng move bel
con move aeg
edi move bel
eng move bel
hol support edi move bel
kie support bel move hol
lon move eng
mun support ber move kie
nat support lvp
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy hold
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support kie
rum support bul
sev support rum
sil support mun
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb support bul move gre
arm move sev
ber support mun move kie
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng support bel
hol move bel
lon support nth move eng
lvp hold
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie support ven
ruh support kie
rum move bul
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support sil move mun
vie support bud move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
bel support bre move eng
ber support mun move kie
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support alb move gre
bur support bel
con move aeg
eng move mid
hol support lon move nth
ion move alb
lon move nth
mos move stp
mun move kie
nrg move nth
pie support ven
ruh support kie
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ion
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr
bud support tri
bul support ser move gre
bur support bel
con move aeg
edi hold
eng support nrg move nth
fin move swe
hol move nth
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
tyr support sil move mun
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move rum
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move lon
fin support stp move nwy
hol support ber move kie
ion support gre
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove edi
remove hol
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move eng
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support swe
fin move swe
ion support gre
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mid move por
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy support fin move swe
pie support ven
rom move tys
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sil move mun
smy hold
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr support bud move tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
apu support ven
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bul move gre
cly move edi
con move aeg
den support swe
fin move swe
gre support aeg move bul
ion support gre
mun move kie
nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pie support ven
por hold
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sil move mun
smy hold
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr support vie move tri
tys move wes
vie move tri
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg hold
alb move adr
apu support ven
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
gre support tri move alb
hol move bel
ion support alb move adr
lon move eng
mun move kie
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser support gre
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move pie
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu move ion
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bul support gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move nth
mun support ber move kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move cly
nwy move swe
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move bud
tyr support vie move tri
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move bel
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
gre support alb
hol move bel
ion move alb
lon move nth
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie support ven
por move mid
ruh support kie
ser support bud move tri
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move naf
vie support tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con support gre move bul
den support swe
edi hold
fin move swe
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move alb
mid move bre
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support tri move alb
sil move mun
smy hold
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr support bud move tri
ven support adr move tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move con
alb move gre
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul support alb move gre
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den support swe
edi move nth
fin support nwy move swe
ion move alb
mid move eng
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
por move mid
ruh support kie
rum move gal
ser support alb move gre
sil support mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move pie
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move con
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul support gre
con move aeg
den support swe
eng move nth
fin support nwy
gal hold
gre support tri move alb
ion support alb
lvp hold
mid move bre
mun move kie
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support tri move alb
sil move mun
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp support nwy
tri move alb
tyr support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move con
bar support nrg move nwy
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support gre
con move aeg
den support swe
fin support nwy
gal move war
gre support tri move alb
ion support alb
lvp hold
mun support tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support tri move alb
sil support mun
ska support nrg move nwy
smy hold
stp support nwy
tri move alb
tyr support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move con
bar move stp/sc
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud support tri
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move nth
fin support stp
gre support ser move alb
ion support alb
lvp hold
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser move alb
sil support mun
ska support nwy
smy hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move adr
aeg move con
bal move bot
bar move stp/sc
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul support gre
con support smy
den move bal
fin support stp
gre support ser move alb
ion support alb
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy support bar move stp
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser move alb
sil support ber
ska move den
smy hold
stp support fin
tri move adr
tyr support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move bul/sc
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move fin
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support ruh
cly move edi
con move aeg
den support kie
fin support stp
gre hold
ion support alb
mos support stp
mun move kie
nrg move edi
nwy support bot move fin
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support gre
sil move mun
smy hold
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys move wes
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move con
bal move lvn
bar support nwy
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot support bal move lvn
bul support gre
bur support ruh
cly move edi
con move aeg
den move nth
fin support stp
gre support tri move alb
ion support alb
mos support stp
mun move kie
nrg move cly
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support tri move alb
sil move mun
smy hold
stp hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
vie support bud move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move con
bar support lvn move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support lvn move stp
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support ruh
cly move lvp
con move aeg
edi hold
fin support stp
gre support tri move alb
ion support alb
lvn move stp/sc
mid move nat
mos support stp
mun support ber
nth move den
nwy support lvn move stp
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support tri move alb
sil support mun
smy hold
stp hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg move gre
alb support adr
bar support stp/sc
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move fin
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support ruh
con move aeg
den move nth
edi hold
fin move stp
gre support tri move alb
ion convoy nap move tun
lvp move cly
mos support fin move stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nap move tun via convoy
nwy support stp/sc
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser support bud move tri
sil move mun
smy hold
stp/sc support bot move fin
tri move alb
tyr move ven
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
bar support stp/sc
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bud support tri
bul support gre
bur support ruh
cly move edi
con move aeg
edi hold
gre support ser move alb
ion support alb move gre
mos hold
mun hold
nth move den
nrg support cly move edi
pie support ven
ruh support kie
ser move alb
sil support mun
smy hold
tri support ser move alb
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet fin
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
gre move ser
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
