PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
gal support rum
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tus
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move bel
con support bul
den move swe
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move bal
lon move nth
mar support spa
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa support mar
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tus move pie
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy pru move swe
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den support pru move swe
eng convoy spa move wal
gal move war
gre move ion
ion support bul move gre
mid convoy spa move wal
mar move pie
mos support bot move stp
mun support ven move tyr
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
pie support ven
pru move swe via convoy
rum support ser move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa move wal via convoy
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion
ven support pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
remove tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal move swe
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support gre move ser
con hold
den support bal move swe
eng move iri
gre move ser
ion move adr
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mid support eng move iri
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nth move yor
nwy hold
pie move tus
rom move ven
rum support gre move ser
ser move alb
sev move ukr
stp/nc support nwy
swe move fin
tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bel move lon via convoy
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
fin support swe move nwy
gal support war
hol move kie
iri support mid move nat
lvp support wal
mid move nat
mos support gal move war
nwy move swe
pie support rom move ven
pru move ber
rom support tus move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
wal move lon
war move lvn
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move war
nwy move nrg
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move wal via convoy
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp
gal move vie
iri support nat move lvp
kie move mun
lvp support wal
mar move gol
mos support sev move ukr
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support kie move mun
smy move aeg
tri hold
ven move tyr
wal support lvp
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move wal via convoy
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move rum
cly support wal move lvp
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support ukr move war
gre move bul
ion move tys
iri support lvp
lon move eng
lvp support bel move wal
gol move tys
mos support ukr move war
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
pie support ven move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser move bud
sil move pru
stp move mos
tri move adr
ukr move war
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
England: army/dislodged wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
wal move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move sev via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move gal
bul move ser
cly move edi
con move bul
eng support wal move lon
ion move alb
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn support pru move war
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pru move war
rum move bud
sev move ukr
stp move mos
tyr support mun move boh
ven move tri
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support ber move sil
bud move tri
bul move ser
cly move lvp
eng support lon
gal support vie move boh
gre support ser move alb
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support boh
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
ser move alb
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
tri support alb
tyr move ven
ukr support war
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove cly
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bud support alb move tri
con move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
lon move wal
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun support boh
nap move rom
nth move hel
pie move tus
pru move war
ser support alb move tri
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support tri
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
ion move apu
iri convoy wal move spa
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid convoy wal move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
naf move wes
nap support adr move ion
nrg move bar
pru move lvn
rom hold
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil support boh move gal
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven support rom
vie support tri
wal move spa via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu support aeg move ion
bar support fin move stp
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move ion
iri move mid
lvn move mos
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support stp move lvn
nap support rom
nth move nwy
pru move war
rom support nap
rum support war move gal
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr support war move gal
ven support rom
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bar support stp
boh move tyr
bud support rum move gal
eas move ion
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
lvn support gal move war
mos support gal move war
mun support boh move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pru support war
rom support ion move tys
rum move gal
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven support rom
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
remove rum
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
ber move bal
boh support vie move tyr
bud move vie
gal support mos move war
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lvn support mos move war
mos move war
mun support tyr move boh
nap support ion move tys
nwy move nth
pru support war move lvn
sev hold
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move war
ven support rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tri move ven
boh move gal
gal move boh
ion move tun
lvn support pru move war
mos move ukr
mun support ven move tyr
nap move rom
nth move lon
pru move war
rom support gol move tys
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil support boh move gal
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support vie move boh
tys support nap move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ion
bal move den
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
con move bla
gal support mos move war
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
mos move war
mun support boh
nwy move nth
rom move tus
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tys support rom move tus
ukr support mos move war
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla hold
boh move gal
bur move gas
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support vie move boh
ion move tys
lvn support mos
mos support sil move war
nth move eng
pru support sil move war
ruh move bur
sil move war
tun hold
tus support tys move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
bur move mar
con move rum via convoy
eng move mid
gal support boh move sil
gas support bur move mar
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mun support sil
nth move eng
pru support war
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war support sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas support mar
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
ber support mun move sil
bla convoy arm move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
gal support boh
gas support mar
ion move tys
iri support bre move mid
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support kie move mun
sev support ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc move por
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support gal
war support sil move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul move ser
gal support ukr
gas support mar
iri support bre move mid
kie move hol
lvn support mos
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support gal
vie support boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
