PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bur
ser support tri
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support ber move bal
hol support bel
ion support bul move gre
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move nwy
par support mar move bur
por move spa
rom move apu
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy move eas
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move alb
bal move swe
bla convoy rum move ank
bre support par move pic
bud support ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
gre support con move bul
hol support tri move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mun move bur
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ank
ser support bud
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri support apu move alb
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ion move tun
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move smy
apu move ven
bla support ser move bul
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
den move bal
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support bud
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move apu
nwy support edi move nth
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
ruh move kie
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move gas
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move adr
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move hol
bla support bul
bot support nwy move stp/sc
bre hold
bud hold
bul support smy move con
bur move bel
con move ank
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gal support bud
gas support bre
gre move bul
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie move lvn
mid move por
mun move sil
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rum support bul
sil move pru
smy move con
stp hold
tri move alb
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
remove gre
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank support aeg move con
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move gal
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support bla move con
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move spa
gal support war
gas support bre
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
lon move spa
lvn move mos
mid convoy lon move spa
mos move lvn
nwy move swe
pic move bur
por support lon move spa
pru move war
rum move ser
sil support pru move war
smy move arm
stp support mos move lvn
tri move bud
vie support boh move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
lvn move pru
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
bre support gas
bud support ukr move gal
bul move ser
bur move mar
den hold
eng support mid move bre
gal move rum
gas support bre
hol support bal move kie
ion move gre
lvn move war
mid move bre
mos support lvn move war
por move mid
pru support war
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
sil move mun
smy support ank move con
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move bud
ukr move gal
vie support tri move bud
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove ruh
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move ser
ank support bla move con
bal move kie
bel hold
bla move con
bre support spa move gas
bud move ser
con support gre move bul/sc
den support swe move bal
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas support mar move spa
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bal move kie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
pru move ber
rum support ukr move gal
ser move bud
smy support con
spa move gas
swe move bal
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move vie
gas move par
ser move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy alb move bul
alb move bul
ank support bul move con
bal move kie
bel move bur
ber support kie
bla support bul move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move con
con support gre move bul/sc
den support bal move kie
eng support yor move bel
gal support rum move bud
gas support wes move spa/sc
gre support alb move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy alb move bul
kie support den
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy yor move bel
par move gas
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move rum
sil move war
smy support con
spa move mar
tri move alb
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ser
ank support con move smy
bal move kie
ber support kie
bla support rum move bul
bre support yor move pic
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
bur support par move gas
con move smy
den support bal move kie
eng convoy yor move pic
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie support ber
mar support par move gas
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move pic
par move gas
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move bud
smy move con
spa/sc support gas move mar
ukr move rum
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
yor move pic
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
smy move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bal support den move kie
bel support bur
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
den move kie
eas move smy
eng support pic move bel
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol support bel
kie support war move den
mid move wes
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie support gas move mar
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
spa/sc support mar
tun move naf
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
gal move bud
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
bal support den move kie
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bud support vie
bul move con
con move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support sev move rum
gas move mid
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie support den move hel
lon move pic via convoy
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar move bur
naf support tys move wes
nth support bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
tys move wes
ven hold
vie support rum move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
hol support bur move bel
ion move alb
kie support hol
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gas
naf support wes
nth support bel move hol
pic move par
ruh support hol
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move gal
war move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove naf
build Army stp
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
bal support den move kie
bel move bur
ber support kie
bud support ven move tri
bul/sc hold
bur move par
con support bul/sc
den move kie
edi move bel
eng support gas move mid
gal support tri move vie
gas move mid
hol support bur move bel
kie support tri move den
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move bel
pic support bel move bur
ruh support hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support mos move ukr
smy support con
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
ukr move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move swe
ber move mun
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move par
con hold
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre move aeg
hol support kie
kie support nwy move den
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar move bur
nth support bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bur move par
ruh support hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr support war move gal
vie hold
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move con
con move bul
den move kie
eas support gre move smy
eng support bel
gal support rum move bud
gre move smy via convoy
hol support kie
kie support nwy move den
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support kie
nth support swe move nwy
nwy hold
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
smy hold
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
bel move hol
bla support con
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
eas support smy
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol support ruh
kie support hol
gol move tys
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser support bul
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
ukr move gal
ven support nap move rom
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
vie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank support con
bel move eng
bla support con
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
hol support bur move ruh
kie support hol
lon move bel
lvp move iri
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
rom support nap move tys
ruh support kie
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
smy support con move ank
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move sev
den support hol move kie
eng hold
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support hol move ber
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe support nrg move nwy
tun support tys
tys hold
vie move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support kie move mun
den move bal
edi move den
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion support rom move tys
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support pru move kie
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gal move sil
ion support rom move tys
kie move mun
lon move den
gol move wes
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp support mos move lvn
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
stp move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
bal support kie move ber
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot support stp
bul move con
bur support mun
den move swe
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gre move alb
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move nwy
lvn support fin move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support tyr
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move bar
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move nap via convoy
apu support ion
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bal
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support mun
con move smy
eas move smy
ion convoy alb move nap
kie support ber
lvn support stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe move fin
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun move ion
ven support tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
con move smy
eas support tys move ion
fin move stp
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move eng
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
stp move lvn
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
eas move ion
eng move mid
fin move stp
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
stp move lvn
tun support eas move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys support eas move ion
ven support pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal convoy fin move ber
bar support stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot convoy fin move ber
bur move mun
eas move aeg
fin move ber
ion hold
kie support fin move ber
lvn support pru
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support ion move tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
stp hold
tun support tys move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin move stp
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tun support eas move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move tus
ven support pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support fin move lvn
bar support stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin move lvn
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp support fin move lvn
tun support eas move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys support eas move ion
ven support pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support ber move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin move stp
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys support eas move ion
ven support pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bur move mun
fin move lvn
ion hold
kie support bur move mun
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp support fin move lvn
tun support eas move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys support eas move ion
ven support pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal move pru
ber support pru
boh support mun
bur support mun
eas move aeg
fin support stp
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
tun support tys move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support pru
boh support mun
bur support mun
eas move smy
ion hold
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
tus hold
tyr support mun
ven support pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
