PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support bur move bel
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
por move spa
pru move sil
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support kie move mun
bla support arm move ank
bre move pic
con move smy
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel move den
hol support nth move bel
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move mun
mun move boh
nwy move swe via convoy
pie support ven
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
spa hold
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul move con
ank support bla move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun move sil
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move con
con move smy
gal support sil move boh
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nwy move swe via convoy
par move bur
pic support bre move eng
pie move tyr
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa hold
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
nth move nwy
sil move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bel move lon via convoy
bla move con
boh support tyr move vie
bud move tri
bur move mun
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move vie
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie move den
gol move wes
mid move spa/nc
nth support kie move den
nwy move nth
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bud move tri
sil move ber
smy move con
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support rum move bul
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support gre
den move nth
eng support lvp move wal
gal move war
gre support bul
kie support boh move mun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy support lon move nth
por move spa
pru support gal move war
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support bud
smy move con
spa/nc move por
swe support den move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven move pie
vie move bud
wal move lon
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
spa/nc move gas
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
ber support ruh move mun
bla support rum move bul
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support rum move bul
den move ska
eng move lon
gas move bre
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move yor
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move mar
tri support vie
tys move gol
vie support tri
wal support eng move lon
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gre move bul/sc
ion support alb move gre
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid support wal move eng
mar support wes move gol
mos move stp
mun move ber
pie move tyr
ruh support ber move kie
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa move gas
swe support ska move nwy
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
wal move eng
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bel move nth
bla move con
bul support bla move con
con move smy
eng support ruh move bel
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
ion support gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move bul
sil move ber
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move fin
tyr move tri
tys move wes
vie support bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
nwy move swe
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
edi support nwy move nth
eng support lon move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gal move bud
gre support aeg
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nwy move nth
pie move tus
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
sil move ber
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tys move tun
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
nwy move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
bel support bur move ruh
boh support mun
bud support tri move ser
bur move ruh
eng support lon move nth
gre support aeg move bul
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mar support bur
mun support hol move kie
pie move tus
rom move nap
smy move con
tri move ser
tys support pie move tus
ven move rom
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move hol
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc support gre
den move kie
eng move lon
gre support bul/sc
ion move tun
mun support kie
nap support rom
nth hold
ruh support bel move hol
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
tun move naf
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bul/sc support gre
den support ruh move kie
gre support bul/sc
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move yor
mun support kie move ber
naf support ion move tun
nap support rom
nth support lon move yor
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sil support kie move ber
smy move con
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army/dislodged yor
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bul/sc support gre
den move swe
edi support ska move nth
gre support bul/sc
hol move ruh
ion support nap move tys
kie support hol move ruh
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth support yor move edi
par move bur
rom move tus
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move con
tun support nap move tys
tus move gol
tys move tun
ven support rom move tus
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bul/sc move gre
bur support ruh move mun
edi support ska move nth
gre move ser
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
gol move tus
mar move pie
naf support tun move wes
nth move nwy
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move con
swe support nth move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
edi move yor
gre move ser
kie support mun
lvp move wal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nap support rom move tys
nth support edi move yor
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
rom move tys
rum move ser
sil move mun
smy move con
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ven support tus move pie
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
con hold
den move kie
gas move spa
gre move ser
kie move hol
lon hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nap move ion
nth support yor move lon
rum move ser
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
wal move eng
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
bre hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar
con move bla
eng move mid
gre move bul
ion support rom move tys
kie support mun
lon move wal
gol support wes
mid support spa move por
mar hold
mun hold
naf support por move mid
nth move hol
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move ser
sil support tyr move boh
smy move ank
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
tun support rom move tys
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven support tus move pie
wal move lvp
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move spa/nc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bla move con
bal move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mun
eng move bel
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvp hold
gol support wes
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
mun hold
naf support tun move wes
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por hold
ser support ion move gre
sil move ber
spa/nc support por
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
wal move lvp
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mid
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bal move kie
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur move bel
con move bla
gre move bul/sc
hol support bur move bel
kie move ber
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nth support bel move hol
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sil support tyr move mun
spa/nc move mid
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
wal move eng
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun move bur
pie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
kie support hol
gol support tus move pie
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move nwy
ser move rum
sil support mun move ber
smy move con
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
wal move eng
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel support ruh move hol
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur hold
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bel
gas support mar
gre move ion
hol support eng move bel
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move hol
sev support ank move rum
sil support mun
spa/nc support bre move mid
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move wes
rum move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
bla support con move bul
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move con
bur hold
con move bul/sc
den hold
eng move lon
gas support mar
hol support kie
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/nc
mar hold
mun support kie
nth move den
pie move mar
por hold
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
sil support mun
spa/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri move ser
tun move ion
vie move gal
wal move lon
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
den move bal
hol disband
ser move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur hold
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
gas support mar
hol support bel move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
lon hold
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar hold
mun move ruh
naf support gol move wes
por move spa
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy support con move aeg
spa/nc move mid
swe move nwy
wal support mid move eng
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move nth
gre move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support rum move gre
alb move tri
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur hold
den move kie
eng move lon
gal support sil move war
gas support mar
hol support bel move ruh
ion support gre
kie support nth move hol
lvp hold
mid hold
mar hold
mun support kie
naf support wes
nth support lon
nwy move stp/nc
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move eas
wal support eng move lon
wes support naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur support ruh move mun
den support nth move hel
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng support mid move iri
gal support war move ukr
gas support mar
gre support ser move bul
ion support gre
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar hold
naf support wes move mid
nap support ion
nth move hel
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
mun move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ion move gre
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support mun
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal support bud move rum
gas move spa
gre support eas move ion
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
lon support nth
mid move bre
mar hold
mun hold
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth support hel move hol
rum move bul
ser move alb
sil support tyr move mun
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tyr move mun
ukr support bud move rum
wal move lvp
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove por
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
bel move pic
bre move mid
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support edi move bel
ion support gre move alb
iri move mid
kie hold
lon support wal
lvp move iri
mar hold
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move tyr
rum support bul move ser
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move sev
wal support lon
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
ion move gre
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel hold
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
eng support pic move bre
gas support pic move bre
hol move kie
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
pic support bre
rum support bud move ser
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
rum move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move bur
ber move kie
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
eas move aeg
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move rum
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion support eas move aeg
iri move mid
lon hold
lvp move nat
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move den
pie move ven
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sil move war
smy support aeg move eas
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
arm support rum move sev
bel move bur
ber support den move kie
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bre support mid
bud move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gal support sev move rum
gas move par
ion support alb move gre
iri support nat move mid
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move wes
mos move sev
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bre
pie move ven
rum move sev
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy support aeg move eas
stp/nc hold
tyr move ven
war hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Italy: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
eas disband
gre move bul/sc
sev move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
arm support sev
ber hold
bla support ser move rum
bre support lon move pic
bud support ukr move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
lon move pic via convoy
mid move por
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth hold
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie move mar
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
stp/nc move bar
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bar support stp
ber move bal
bla support sev move rum
bre move par
bud support rum move ser
eas support gre move ion
eng move mid
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support gal move war
nth move eng
par hold
pic support bre move par
por support mid move spa
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move rum
tri support rum move ser
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr move pie
war hold
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
ORDERS
par move bur
pie move tus
tun move naf
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove eas
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Army rom
remove tus
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move gre
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud move gal
bul support ion move gre
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
ion move gre
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move nat
mid move wes
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nth convoy edi move den
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
stp support bal move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys move nap
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support gas move mar
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
gas move mar
ion support alb move gre
mid move wes
mos support ukr move sev
naf move tun
nat move mid
nap move tys
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bar support stp
bla support sev
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support bul
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move vie
gre support ion
ion support tys
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move bal
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy edi move den
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr support mar move pie
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bla convoy con move sev
boh support gal move vie
bul support ser
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
eng hold
gal move vie
gre support alb
ion support tun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
stp support ber move lvn
tun hold
tus support gol move tys
tyr support vie
tys move rom
vie support ser move bud
war support rum move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
