PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support alb move gre
bur move bel
den move swe
gal support rum
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move war
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support tri move ser
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
apu hold
arm move smy
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur move bel
con support bul
den move swe
gal support rum
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move hel
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa move mar
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move smy
apu move smy via convoy
bel hold
bla support bul
bud support gal move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
eas support apu move smy
gal move rum
gre hold
hel move den
ion convoy apu move smy
mid move iri
mar support bur
mun move bur
par support bur
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
ser support gal move rum
stp/sc move bot
ukr move sev
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
apu move syr via convoy
bel support ruh move bur
ber move pru
bla support bul
bot move stp/sc
bud support vie move gal
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
con support smy
eas convoy apu move syr
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy apu move syr
iri move lvp
kie move bal
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
swe move bot
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
bal move lvn
bel support par move bur
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eas support syr move smy
gal move ukr
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move bur
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support war move gal
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move ank
syr move smy
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move con
bel support par move bur
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move nth
eas support gre move smy
gal move vie
gre move smy via convoy
hol move bel
lvn support bot move stp
lvp move cly
mar support par move bur
mos move war
nap move tys
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move arm
tun move wes
ukr move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
arm move ank
bel support pic
bla support con move bul
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move edi
con move bul
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move lon
fin move stp/sc
gal move vie
lvn support stp/sc
mar move spa
mos support fin move stp
pic support bel
pie move ven
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move tri
smy move con
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr support bul move rum
vie support rum move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
build Army kie
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank hold
bel move ruh
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
fin support mos move stp
gal move bud
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn support stp/sc
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
spa support mar
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
bla move ank
bud support ser move tri
bul support rum
bur support tyr move mun
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvn support stp/sc
mid support spa
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun support ber
naf support tys move wes
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser move tri
sev support mos
spa hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support ser move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
bre support mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
gas move bur
hol support bur move ruh
kie support mun
lvn move bal
mid support spa
mar move gol
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy move swe
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev move mos
spa hold
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support swe move den
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bre support mid
bur move mun
con move bul
gal support vie
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
gol move mar
mid support spa
mar support spa
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move tyr
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie support tri move tyr
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
ber support mun
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
gal move sil
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol move mar
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos move lvn
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
smy move aeg
spa support mar
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
bur support mun
gal move war
gas support mar
hol move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun support ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy hol move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar
swe support hol move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
stp disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur support mun
den move kie
gal support boh move sil
gas support por move spa
ion move tun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move fin
swe support nth move den
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
den support swe
eng support mid
fin support mos move stp
gal move war
gas move mar
kie support ber
lvn support gal move war
gol support mar
mid support por
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support bur
naf move mid
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie support mar
por hold
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mar
swe support den
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move mun
war move ukr
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
den hold
eng support mid
fin move nwy
gas support por move spa
kie move hel
lvn support war move mos
gol convoy rom move spa
mid support por move spa
mar support rom move spa
mun support bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nwy support swe
par support gas
pie support mar
por move spa
rom move spa via convoy
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move spa
war move mos
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support ruh
den support swe
eng support bre move mid
fin move nwy
gas support por move spa
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvn move pru
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar hold
mos hold
mun support hel move kie
naf support mid
nwy support swe
par move pic
pie support mar
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur support gas
den move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move nwy
gas support por move spa
hol support kie
kie support ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support gol move spa
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nwy support swe
pic move wal via convoy
pie support mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
sil move ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur support gas
eng support mid
fin move nwy
gas support por move spa
hol support kie
kie support ruh
mid support por move spa
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
pie support mar
por move spa
ruh support bur
rum move bul
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
wal move lvp
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove por
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support gas
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gal move boh
gas support bur
hol support kie
kie support ruh
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move gas
mun move kie
naf move mid
nrg move cly
nwy support swe
pie support mar
ruh support bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
wal move lvp
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support gas
cly support lvp
eng move bre
fin support stp move nwy
gal move ukr
gas support por move spa
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie support ruh
lvn support mos
lvp support cly
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bur
rum move bul
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
