PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support sev move rum
con move aeg
den hold
gal move vie
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy smy move gre
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
gal move boh
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move nrg
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
sev move ukr
smy move gre
spa move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven hold
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support tus move ven
bel move pic
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
den move swe
eng support nth
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move par
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
stp move fin
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu move ion
bel move hol
ber move sil
bre support par
bud move ser
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
eng support bre
fin support ska move swe
gal move sil
gre move ion
kie move den
lon move nwy
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move bar
par move pic
pic move par
por move spa
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move eas
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr support vie move boh
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
swe move bal
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
eng move bel
fin support swe move nwy
gal move vie
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
iri move mid
mar hold
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par hold
ser move tri
spa support mar
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ber support sil
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support mun
den support swe
eng move bel
fin move swe
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
mid move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support mid move eng
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
ser support tri
sil hold
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bud support ven move tri
bur support hol move bel
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin move stp
gas move par
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
par move bre
pic support gas move par
rum move bul/ec
ser support tri
sil support mun
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri hold
tun support ion move tys
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bur
build Fleet rom
remove tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
bel hold
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul/ec move con
bud move ser
den move kie
eng move wal
fin move stp
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
lvp move iri
mar hold
nrg move edi
par move bur
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser support gre move bul/ec
sil support pru move war
swe move bal
tri support bud move ser
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move nap
vie move bud
wal move yor
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move sil
bul/sc support aeg move con
bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
fin move swe
iri hold
kie move ber
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
pic support bur move bel
pru support kie move ber
rom hold
ser support tri move bud
sil support kie move ber
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
con move ank
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support sev move bla
bal move den
bel support bur move ruh
boh move sil
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bla
edi move yor
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move bul
hol move bel
iri support pic move wal
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nwy move nth
pic move wal
pru move ber
rum support vie move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tyr move pie
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bal move den
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
con hold
eng move mid
hol move bel
iri support wal move lvp
lon move edi
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move edi
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
swe move nwy
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
lvp move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move con
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
den move nth
gas support spa move mar
gre move bul
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
nth move eng
nwy hold
ser move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Turkey: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
con move smy
mar move pie
ser move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support nth move eng
bla support con
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move gas
con support ser move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
gal support sev move rum
gas support mar move spa
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
iri move eng
lon move wal
mar move spa
mun support bur
nth move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support den move nth
bla move con
bul/sc move con
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre support ser
hol hold
iri move eng
kie move den
mar move gas
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
rom move tys
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri support bud move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move nth
ber move sil
bla move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move bre
gas support bre
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
lvn move pru
mun hold
nth move nwy
par support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lon
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
arm support con move ank
bel move nth
ber support mun
bre move mid
bul support ser move gre
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie support ber
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun support ber
nwy support bel move nth
par support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank move con
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre support par move gas
bul move con
den move swe
edi move nth
gas support por move spa/sc
gre move ser
ion move nap
kie move ber
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun hold
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bla
remove mid
build Fleet sev
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
ank move con
arm move ank
bal support ber move kie
bel support nwy move nth
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul move ser
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gas move par
gre move apu
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move den
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move nth
par support mun move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bud
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven support gre move apu
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
nth move hel
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
apu move rom
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support gas move par
con move smy
den move kie
fin move swe
gas move par
hel support bal move den
ion move nap
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
par support bur
por hold
ruh support den move kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe move den
tun move wes
tus support apu move rom
tyr support ser move tri
ven move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
