PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move hol
mos move stp
mun move ruh
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
sev move bla
stp move nwy
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul support rum
gal move rum
mos move ukr
rum support bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bla
gal support ukr move rum
rum support ser
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
tri hold
ukr move rum
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support bul move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tri hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bla move rum
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
gal move bud
nth support yor move edi
nwy move nrg
rum hold
sev move bla
ukr support rum
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support bud move rum
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move boh
gas move spa
hol move bel
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nth
rum hold
sev support rum
stp move fin
ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bud support gre move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
fin move swe
gal support boh move vie
gre move ser
nth support yor move lon
pic move par
rum hold
sev support rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla support bul
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move gas
eng move iri
gal move vie
kie move mun
lon move wal
mos move sev
mun move bur
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ser support bud
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move por
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move bla
bla support bul
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
ion move adr
iri support wal move lvp
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move hol
mar move pie
par move bre
por move spa
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
stp/nc move bar
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bel move eng
bla move con
bud support rum
gal support sev move rum
kie support den
mid support bel move eng
mar move pie
pie move tus
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
spa move mar
tun move ion
tyr support vie
ukr support sev move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
rum move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move bla
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mid move wes
pie move ven
ser support bud
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr support vie
ukr support rum
vie support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri
ank move bla
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
gal move bud
kie move hol
lon move nth
nth move nrg
pie move ven
ser support bud
tri support adr
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ion
bel move pic
bla move arm
con move bla
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move hol
mar move pie
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
tus support ven move rom
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
gal move bud
ion support apu move nap
pic move bre
pie move ven
rum hold
ser support bud
sev move bla
tri move ser
tus support pie move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
gal support vie move bud
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid move wes
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nrg support nth
par move bre
rum hold
ser support bud
tri move ser
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
sev move bla
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
bar move nrg
bel support pic move eng
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud support ukr move rum
con move arm via convoy
gal move vie
hol hold
kie support den
lvp move wal
mos move sev
nth hold
nrg move nat
pic move eng
sev move arm
tri move ser
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move smy
bel move nth
bla support con move ank
bud hold
bul support rum
con move ank
eng convoy pic move wal
hol support bel move nth
kie support den
mun move sil
nat move iri
nth move lon
nrg move nth
pic move wal via convoy
sev hold
tri hold
tus support ven
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
eng hold
hol move bel
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
mid support eng
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pic move bur
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tus support ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support con move smy
bel move eng
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den move swe
eng move lon
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
mid support bel move eng
mos move sev
nth support eng move lon
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
rom support nap
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys support nap
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
smy move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
boh hold
bud move ser
bul support rum
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move boh
kie move ber
mid support eng move iri
mun support boh
nwy move swe
sil support gal move boh
smy hold
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
ber move pru
boh move sil
bul support rum
con move bla
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mun support boh move sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
ser hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
