PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom support ven
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
bur move mun
den move swe
eng move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move hol
rum hold
tri support adr move ven
tys convoy rom move tun
ven hold
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
fin hold
lon move eng
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum support arm move sev
spa move gas
tri move ven
ukr hold
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel hold
ber move mun
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
eng support bel
gas move bre
hol support bel
kie support ber move mun
mid move iri
mar move pie
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ser
ser hold
tyr move mun
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move gal
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den support swe
eng support bel
gre move bul
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support pic move bel
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support hol
bla move sev
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support swe
eng support lvp move iri
gal move war
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser support rum
ska support nwy move swe
tri move adr
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
iri move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move hol
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
eng support iri move mid
hel support bel move hol
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support rum
swe move ska
tun move wes
tyr move ven
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
eng support hol move bel
hel move den
hol move bel
kie support ruh move hol
mid move por
mar hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move bla
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move pie
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
ank move arm
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
eng support nth move bel
kie move den
lvp move wal
mar move bur
nth move bel
nwy move swe
por hold
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
ska support kie move den
stp move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
bel move bur
bre move eng
bur move gas
con move bla
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre move ser
hol hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ruh
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nap move gre via convoy
nth support eng move bel
pie move mar
por hold
rum support ukr move sev
ser support nap move gre
sev move ukr
ska support den move nth
spa/sc move por
ukr move sev
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
bla hold
bre move mid
bud support rum
bur move gas
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
mar move spa
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
par move bre
pie move mar
por hold
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support war move mos
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move adr
vie move gal
war move mos
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move con
lon move wal
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
arm move sev
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con hold
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvn move war
mar hold
mos support sev
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie support mar
por hold
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser support bul
sev hold
spa/sc support mar
ukr support gal move war
wal move eng
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove con
build Army kie
remove mid
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move nth
eas move aeg
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por hold
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move adr
ukr support rum move sev
vie move tyr
war support mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eas move smy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla move arm
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move hel
eas support aeg move smy
eng move bre
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move ruh
pic move bre
por hold
pru move sil
rum support sev
sev hold
spa support mid move por
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr support mos
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
