PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion support bul move gre
kie support den
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support pic move bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move ser
tun hold
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
ank move bla
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
kie support hol
mar move spa
nth support pic move bel
nwy move ska
pic move bur
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
tri support ser move bud
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move bla
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber move bal
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support gas move par
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
gas move par
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
kie support den
mar move spa
mun move bur
par move gas
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move bla
tri support bud move ser
tun move alb
vie move bud
war move sil
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
bal support kie move ber
bel move eng
bul support aeg move gre
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
gre move ser
ion move gre
kie move ber
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun move bur
par move gas
pic move bre
rum move bul
ser support vie move bud
sev move bla
sil move gal
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
ank move bla
bal support den move swe
ber move pru
bre move lon
bud support gal move vie
den move swe
eng convoy bre move lon
gal move vie
gre support alb
kie move hel
mar hold
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
por move spa
rom move tys
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank move bla
bal support swe
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move gre
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move bud
gre support spa move alb
hel move nth
ion convoy spa move alb
lon move wal
mar move gas
mun move sil
nwy support bot move swe
pic move lon
pru support mun move sil
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
spa move alb
swe hold
tys convoy spa move alb
ven support alb move tri
vie move gal
war move sil
wes convoy spa move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
bal support swe
ber move sil
bot support nwy move swe
bud support vie move tri
bul support gre
con support bul
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas hold
gre support smy move aeg
hel support eng move nth
ion move gre
lon move wal
mun move boh
nap move apu
nwy move swe
pru support sil move war
rum support gal move bud
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move bla
apu support tys move ion
bal move swe
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul move ser
con support bul
gas move bre
hel move den
ion move eas
lvp move edi
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pru move lvn
rum support tri move ser
sev move bla
sil move pru
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove nrg
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support nap move gre
ank move bla
apu move adr
bal support den move swe
ber move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bul support gre
con move smy
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nwy
gal hold
gre support aeg
ion convoy nap move gre
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mun move boh
nap move gre
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
ser support nap move gre
sev move bla
tri support ser
tys hold
ven support tri
vie hold
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bul
alb support gre
ank move con
bal support swe move bot
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nwy
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
lvn support nwy move stp
lvp move yor
mos hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support gal
swe move bot
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bot move fin
bul move rum
vie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank support smy
bal convoy kie move pru
ber move sil
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
eas support aeg move smy
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie move pru
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move fin
rum support con move bul/sc
ser support bul move rum
sil move war
smy support con
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
ank support smy
apu move syr
boh move vie
con support smy
eas convoy apu move syr
gre move bul
ion convoy apu move syr
lvn move mos
mos move sev
pru move lvn
rum support gre move bul
ser support rum
sil move boh
tri move alb
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
