PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bre
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bre move par
bul hold
con move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move bud
tus move ven
tys move gol
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move bal
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move ank
gre support rum move bul
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa support mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move adr
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bla move sev
bot move bal
bul hold
bur support mar
con support bul
den move kie
gre support adr move ion
hel support mun move kie
ion move nap
gol support pie move mar
mar support wes move gol
mun move sil
nth support ska move den
pie move mar
ser support gre
sev move rum
sil move boh
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri move bud
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support nth move bel
con move aeg
den hold
gre move bul/sc
hel support den
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mar support wes move gol
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move eas
spa support mar
swe hold
ukr move war
vie support bud
wes move gol
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal move den
bel support hol
ber support kie
bul support ukr move rum
bur support eng move bel
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bel
gre hold
hel support nth move hol
hol support bel
kie support bal move den
gol support pie move mar
mar support wes move gol
mun move bur
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom hold
rum hold
ser support gre move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa support mar
swe support bal move den
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gol
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud support ser move vie
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move bul
den move nth
eng move bel
gal move bud
gre support tun move ion
hel move nth
hol support eng move bel
ion support wes move tun
kie move den
mun support ber move kie
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
ska move nwy
smy move eas
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri support ser
tun move ion
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move den
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nwy move bar
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys support eas move ion
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove ber
build Army bre
build Army con
remove den
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove mid
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support con move bul
bar move nwy
bel support hol
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move vie
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun move sil
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy con move apu
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
con move apu via convoy
gal move war
gas move bur
gre move ser
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion convoy con move apu
kie support mun
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move ven
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev support bul move rum
sil move boh
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move bud
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bre
build Army lon
remove pie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar support yor move nwy
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bud support boh move vie
bur support ruh move mun
eng move mid
gas move par
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support mun
lon hold
mos move war
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri support boh move vie
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber move mun
bre move par
bud move rum
bur move ruh
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support nwy move stp
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom move nap
rum support mos move sev
sev support bud move rum
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ber move mun
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
rum move ukr
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
bur support sil move mun
den move swe
edi move nrg
ion move nap
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move edi
mos support stp move lvn
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
ruh support sil move mun
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mun
tys support ion move nap
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bar move stp/nc
ber support boh move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bur support ruh move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun move boh
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support adr move tri
sev hold
swe support edi move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven support tys move rom
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
tri move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
build Army mar
remove tus
remove tyr
remove vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bur move ruh
edi move den via convoy
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
rum support ukr
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
rum move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal convoy den move pru
bel move ruh
ber hold
bot move fin
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move pru via convoy
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol support wes move tys
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie move ven
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bla
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove fin
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support smy move con
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support ukr move rum
bud move tri
con move bul
eng move mid
ion support rom move tys
kie hold
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
nap support rom move tys
pru move sil
ruh support kie
rum move bud
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move pru via convoy
tun support wes move tys
ukr move rum
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
ion move tun
mun support sil move boh
nap support rom move tys
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum support bla move sev
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
tyr move vie
tys disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bar move nrg
bur move mun
kie support pru move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mid move por
mar support pie
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support sil move mun
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil move mun
tun support gol move tys
ukr support rum
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support mun
bla move con
bur move mun
eng convoy wal move pic
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun hold
nrg move nth
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun
sev move mos
spa/sc move mar
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
vie move tri
wal move pic via convoy
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
bur move bel
con move smy
den move hel
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
hol support edi move bel
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
par move pic
pic support lon move bre
ruh move bur
sev hold
spa/sc support mar
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre support pic move par
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas move spa
hel move hol
hol move bel
gol support gas move spa
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
sev move mos
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
