PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
gal move bud
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rum hold
smy move con
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tyr move mun
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bel hold
boh move mun
bud move rum
con move bul
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre move ser
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support sil move boh
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
swe hold
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
remove tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud support war move gal
bul move gre
bur support ruh move bel
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gre move alb
gol move wes
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pic support ruh move bel
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move eas
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
kie move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bel support bur
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support bel
con support gre move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support nat move mid
gal support bud move vie
gre move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol support den move kie
kie support swe move den
gol move wes
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pic support bel
ruh support den move kie
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
swe move den
tri hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ank
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move bla
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud support sev move rum
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
den move hel
eng move nth
gal move boh
gre move aeg
hel support hol
hol hold
ion move tys
kie hold
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move war
nap move apu
nth move nrg
pic support bel
rum move bla
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
tri support bul move ser
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support tri
ank move arm
apu move adr
ber support kie
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support bel
cly move edi
den move hel
eng convoy pic move lon
hel hold
hol hold
ion move gre
kie hold
gol move wes
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
naf move mid
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy hold
pic move lon
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
tri support tyr move vie
tyr hold
tys move wes
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
remove hol
build Army mos
remove nrg
remove ruh
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri
ank move bla
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur support bel move ruh
con support ank move bla
den move hel
edi move cly
eng support bre move mid
gre move bul/sc
kie support mun move ruh
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth hold
nwy move nrg
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil support ber move mun
smy move arm
spa/sc move por
tri support ser move bud
tyr hold
tys move gol
ukr support bla move rum
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mid move iri
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con move bla
eng support mid move iri
gal move bud
hel support kie move hol
iri move lvp
kie move hol
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg move edi
rum support mos move sev
ser support bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy move arm
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move tus
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: fleet/dislodged iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move nat
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nth
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel support ruh
bla support smy move arm
boh move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec support bla
cly move lvp
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal support vie move bud
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support kie move ruh
iri support nat move lvp
kie move ruh
lon move yor
gol support spa/sc move wes
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat move lvp
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
ser support bud
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven move adr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support ser move rum
boh support gal move vie
bot move swe
bud support vie
bul/ec support ser move rum
bur move par
cly move edi
gal move vie
hel support hol
ion move nap
iri support yor move lvp
kie support sil move mun
lvp hold
gol hold
mos support sev
nrg move nth
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move adr
vie support alb move tri
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move nat
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove nat
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support bur
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul/ec support rum
bur support bel
con move aeg
edi support hol move yor
eng convoy lvp move bre
gal move vie
hel move hol
hol move yor
iri convoy lvp move bre
kie move ruh
lvp move bre
gol move tys
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap hold
nth convoy hol move yor
par support mun move bur
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support adr move tri
tys move nap
ukr support sev
vie support tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
tri move ven
tys move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bre move par
bud support vie
bul/ec support rum
bur support bel
con move gre via convoy
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng move lon
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap support eas move ion
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par support mun move bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support tys move tun
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ion move tys
ven move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove lvp
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move alb
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bre move par
bud support rum move gal
bul/ec move rum
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con move alb via convoy
eng move lon
gal move vie
ion convoy con move alb
lon support bel move eng
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap support tun move tys
nth convoy yor move bel
par support mun move bur
pic move bur
ruh support yor move bel
rum move gal
sev hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support rum move gal
war move gal
wes move gol
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel support par move pic
bla support arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bre support pic move par
bud support alb move tri
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gas support pic move par
ion move nap
lon support nth move eng
lvp support eng move iri
gol support tun move tys
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Army smy
build Army stp
remove tus
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud support rum
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
ion convoy smy move apu
iri move mid
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid support bre
mos support sev
mun move ber
nrg move nat
par support bre
rom support tys
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
smy move apu via convoy
stp move lvn
tri support bud
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
ber support war move sil
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie
bre support par
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
eng move bre
gal support vie
gas support par
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move gal
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie
bre support par
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
ion move adr
iri support nat move mid
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth hold
par support bre
pic support mid move bre
por move mid
pru move sil
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support bud
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support sev
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie
bre support nat move mid
bud move vie
bul support rum
eng support bre
gal move rum
iri support nat move mid
kie move ruh
gol support tys move wes
mos support sev
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth hold
pic support mun move bur
pru move sil
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
tri support bud move vie
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
vie hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support con move sev
bla convoy con move sev
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move par
con move sev via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal support vie
gas support par
iri move mid
gol move mar
mid move gas
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
nth hold
pic support bur move par
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support con move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support ven move tyr
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support boh move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla convoy con move sev
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
eng support mid
gal support vie
gas move bre
ion move tun
iri support mid
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
nth hold
par support bre move gas
pic move bre
por move mid
rum support con move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
tun move tys
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war move sil
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army/dislodged gas
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
