PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
gal move vie
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move bal
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support rum move bla
spa hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tus
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support ank move bla
bal move den
bel support mun move bur
bul support gal move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support lon move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol move nth
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
mar hold
mun move bur
nrg support nwy
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move bul/ec
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
gal move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove tus
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul hold
bur support mar
con move bul
den support hol move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
hel support lon move nth
hol move nth
kie hold
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
nrg support nwy
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move rom
vie support boh move gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support hol move nth
gal hold
gre support bul
hel support lon move nth
hol move nth
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun move bur
nrg support nwy
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa
rom support ven
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
sil move gal
spa support mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove por
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move rum
bud support gal
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal hold
gas support spa
gre support bul
hel support lon move nth
hol support bel
kie hold
lon move nth
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support sil move boh
nrg support nwy
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
spa hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr support rum move sev
ven move apu
vie support gal
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den support hol move nth
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support bul
hel support nth
hol move nth
kie hold
gol support mar move spa
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nth support hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support nth
pic hold
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
spa move por
stp hold
swe hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove mid
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
con hold
den support hol move nth
gas move spa
gre support bul
hel support nth
hol move nth
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mun support boh move tyr
nap move tys
nth support hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move arm
spa move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support vie
ukr support war move gal
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support sev
boh support mun move tyr
bul support rum
con hold
den support hol move nth
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie support den
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
por support gol move spa
rum support gal
ser support bul
sev hold
spa move por
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support vie
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul support rum
con hold
den hold
gal move boh
hol move bel
kie support den
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr move war
nth move bel
pic hold
por move spa
rum support gal
ser support bul
sev move mos
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr support gal move boh
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul
bla move sev
boh hold
bul support rum
con hold
gal support rum
hel support ska move den
hol support kie
kie support den
gol move wes
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support sil
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bel
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move mos
sil support mun
ska move den
smy hold
swe support nwy
tyr support boh
tys hold
ven move pie
vie support boh
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove ska
build Army stp
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh support gal
bre move mid
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bul
den support lon move nth
gal support rum
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support den
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pie support tyr
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tyr support boh
tys hold
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla support con move bul
boh support gal
bud support rum
bul move con
con move bul
eas move smy
gal support boh
hel hold
mos support ukr move sev
nwy hold
pie support tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move eas
swe hold
tyr support boh
tys hold
ukr move sev
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move mun
bud move vie
gal support rum
gre move bul
hel move nth
kie support hol
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nat move lvp
nth move edi
pie support tyr
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support aeg move con
spa move gas
stp move mos
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
war support mos move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move wal via convoy
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support smy move con
bur move bel
con move ank
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gal hold
gas move bur
hol hold
kie support boh move mun
lon move wal
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
pie support tyr
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy move con
swe move bal
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr support sev move rum
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move swe
bel hold
bre move eng
bud support gal
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bla
den hold
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support vie move boh
gas move spa
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lvp move nat
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nrg move bar
pie support tyr
ruh move mun
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev move arm
sil support mun
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bar support mos move stp
bel hold
bla support ank move arm
boh support gal
bud support gal
bul support rum
bur hold
den hold
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support boh
hol hold
lon hold
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun support sil move boh
nat hold
nwy move stp
pie support tyr
ruh move kie
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa hold
swe move nwy
tyr support boh
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support bul move sev
bel hold
bla convoy bul move sev
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bul move sev via convoy
bur hold
den move nth
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie support tyr
rum support bul move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support boh
ukr support sev
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support sev
bel move hol
bla move con
boh support gal
bud support gal
bur move ruh
eng move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mar
hol support ruh move bel
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth support eng move lon
pie support tyr
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
spa hold
swe move den
tyr support vie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie support boh
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove spa
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move tys
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move hol
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur move par
den move nth
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
hol move kie
mos support ukr move war
naf move mid
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support pic move bel
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp support war move mos
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven hold
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
