PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support gal move rum
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support edi move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy bul move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move sev via convoy
con move aeg
den move bal
gre move alb
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bal support den move swe
bel move pic
bla convoy bul move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move sev via convoy
bur support bel move pic
den move swe
eas move ion
eng support bel move pic
gre support eas move ion
ion move alb
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun support bur
nap move tys
nth support eng
nwy hold
ruh support bur
rum support bul move sev
swe support nwy move den
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army stp
remove tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
bal move bot
ber move sil
bla move con
bud support tri
bur move gas
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri move lvp
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nwy hold
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp support mos
swe move fin
tri support mun move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
boh move tyr
bot support nwy move stp
bre move eng
bud support tri
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion move nap
iri support bre move eng
mar move spa
mun support bur
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic move par
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support mun
tri support boh move tyr
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move mos
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
par move bre
stp move lvn
tri move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
edi move lvp
fin move swe
gas move mar
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move bre
ser support alb move gre
sil support war
smy move con
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie support boh move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
apu support adr move ion
arm move sev
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move ukr
gre support adr move ion
ion move gre
lon move wal
lvn support stp/nc
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos support war
mun move ruh
nap move rom
par support wal move bre
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support gre
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
swe move den
ven move rom
vie move gal
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove gas
remove iri
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu support ion move nap
ber move pru
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn move stp/sc
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nap support aeg move ion
par hold
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil support ber move pru
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
tus support nap move rom
ven hold
wal move iri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move tys
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ion
arm move sev
bar support stp/sc
bud move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
gas move spa
gre support con move bul
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support sev move mos
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap support ven move rom
nth hold
par move gas
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp/sc move lvn
tus support tys move rom
tys support ion move nap
ukr move sev
ven move rom
wal move bre via convoy
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove nth
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom move ven
arm move sev
bar support stp/sc
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move par
bul support gal move rum
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support ukr move rum
sil support boh move gal
spa move por
stp/sc support war move lvn
tri move alb
tus hold
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move rum
vie support rum move bud
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
apu move ven
bar move nwy
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support ukr move rum
bul support sev move rum
gal move ukr
gre move alb
ion move nap
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move lvn
nap support rom
par move gas
pie move ven
por hold
pru move war
rom support apu move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp/sc support lvn
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
ion move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove nap
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
boh support tyr
bud support ukr move gal
bul hold
eas move ion
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn support war move mos
lvp move wal
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support ukr move war
nwy move nth
por move spa
pru move war
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp/sc support lvn
tri support rom move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ukr move gal
ven support ion move apu
vie support ukr move gal
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move alb
mos move ukr
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ion
apu move nap
boh move gal
bud support vie
bul hold
eng move mid
gre support ion
ion move tun
lvn support mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support war
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move ven
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war
spa move mar
stp/sc support lvn
tri support ven
tun support alb move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven move rom
vie support gal
wal hold
war support boh move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
eas move ion
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion move adr
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap hold
nth move eng
rom move apu
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp/sc support lvn
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal hold
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu support rom move nap
bel hold
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move ser
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
iri move mid
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pie hold
pru support war
rom move nap
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp/sc move bot
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move bre via convoy
war support sil move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support ion move gre
alb support bud move ser
apu move alb via convoy
bel hold
boh support tyr move vie
bot move bal
bre move naf via convoy
bud move ser
con move bul
eng hold
gre support tun move ion
ion move gre
lon move nth
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid convoy bre move naf
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
nap hold
pie hold
pru move war
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
sil support war move gal
tri support apu move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
war move gal
wes convoy bre move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
alb support bud move ser
apu move ven
bal move den
bel move hol
boh move vie
bud move ser
con move bul
eng convoy naf move nwy
gal support vie move bud
gre support aeg move ion
ion move eas
lvn move stp
mid convoy naf move nwy
mos support war move ukr
naf move nwy via convoy
nap move apu
nth convoy naf move nwy
pie support apu move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move boh
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move tus
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support smy move eas
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
nth hold
nwy hold
pie hold
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move ser
tun support adr move ion
tus move tys
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tus
vie move tri
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
ser move gre
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng hold
fin move stp
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move alb
mid hold
mos support sev
mun move sil
nap hold
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ven move rom
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove mid
build Army mun
remove ukr
remove wes
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con support bul
den move ska
eas move aeg
eng hold
hol move hel
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move tus
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move alb
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bul move ser
con support bul
den support fin move swe
eas convoy nap move syr
eng hold
fin move swe
gre hold
hel support kie move hol
ion convoy nap move syr
kie move hol
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move syr via convoy
nth hold
nwy hold
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
ska support fin move swe
smy move eas
stp hold
tri support ven
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys hold
ven support tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move syr
bel hold
bul move con
bur move par
con move ank
den hold
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support ion move aeg
hel support ska move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
lon move bre via convoy
mar hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support ven
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tus hold
tys move ion
ven support pie
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
nth disband
nwy disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move syr
bel hold
bul support gre
con move bul
den hold
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
nth move lon
nwy hold
par hold
pie move mar
ser support gre
sev move arm
smy hold
stp support nwy
tri support ven
tyr support ven
ven support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
