PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move sil
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom support ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
fin move swe
ion move tun
lvn move war
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
sil hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
ber move sil
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
edi move nrg
eng support nwy move bel
gre hold
mid hold
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
pic hold
rum move ukr
ser hold
spa move mar
swe move den
tri support ser
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support bla
bel support nth move hol
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move sev via convoy
con support bul
den move bal
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie move ber
mid move por
mar hold
mos support sev
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic hold
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
swe move ska
tri move ser
tus move pie
tys move gol
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber move mun
bla support sev move arm
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hol support mun move kie
lvp move iri
gol convoy tus move mar
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move den
pic move bur
pie support tus move mar
por support mar move spa
rom move tys
ruh support bal move kie
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
tus move mar via convoy
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla support arm move ank
bre hold
bul support aeg move con
bur move mar
con support ank
den move kie
gal move ukr
hol support den move kie
iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar move gas
mun support hol move kie
nth hold
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser support rum
spa hold
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move wes
war move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
con move smy
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move rum
bre support bur move gas
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
con move bla
eng support mid
gas move mar
lon move bel via convoy
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support bal move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
por support spa
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe move bot
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move sev
vie move boh
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support smy move con
boh support mun move tyr
bot move lvn
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move ank
eng move bre
gas move spa
kie move hel
gol support mar
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa
mun move tyr
naf move mid
pic move par
por support gas move spa
rum move bul
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
smy move con
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
vie support tyr move boh
wes support spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
mos move stp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army lon
remove mun
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support ank move con
bur support par
con move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move adr
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp/sc
gol support mar
mid move por
mar support gas move bur
mos support gal move war
naf move tun
nap hold
par support bur
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support tyr move mun
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support par
con move bla
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
gre move bul
lvn move stp/sc
gol support mar
mid move por
mar support gas
mos support gal move war
nap move ion
nth move nrg
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
sev support bul move rum
smy move ank
spa move por
stp move mos
tri support ven move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber support mun
bla convoy rum move arm
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul move con
bur support bre move gas
den move bal
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn move stp/sc
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid move por
mar support gas
mun hold
naf move mid
nrg move nat
par support bre move gas
rum move arm via convoy
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move ven
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
boh hold
bur move ruh
con support aeg move smy
gal support sil move war
gas move bur
hol move bel
kie support mun
lvn move stp/sc
gol support mar
mid move por
mun hold
par support gas move bur
sev move mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move ven
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre support par move gas
bud move gal
bur support par move gas
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move ukr
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
gol move wes
mun hold
nat support eng move mid
nap move tys
par move gas
por move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre support iri move mid
bul move gre
bur support gas
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas support bur
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
mid move naf
mar support spa
mun hold
naf support wes
nat support iri move mid
pie support mar
por support spa
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
spa support por
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
war move pru
wes support spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bla hold
boh move sil
bur support gas
eng move nth
gre move ser
ion hold
iri support mid
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
naf move mid
nat support mid
pie support mar
por support gol move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa move tun via convoy
tri move alb
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move swe
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bur support gas
gas support bur
ion convoy tun move apu
iri move eng
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar support pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support wes
nat move nrg
nth move den
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support por
stp hold
tun move apu via convoy
tyr move mun
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes support naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move vie
den support kie
eng move iri
gas move par
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun move ber
naf support por move mid
nrg move nwy
pie support mar
por move mid
pru support mun move ber
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move fin
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
ber support tyr move mun
bur support ruh
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eng support bre
fin move nwy
gre hold
kie hold
lvn hold
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf support mid
nwy support swe
par support bur
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh support bur
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
ber support mun
bul/sc hold
den support kie
eng support bre
fin hold
gre hold
kie hold
lvn hold
gol support mar
mos hold
naf support mid
nwy support swe
par support bur
pie support mar
ruh support bur
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid
stp support fin
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ber support mun
bul/sc move aeg
den support kie
eng support bre
fin hold
gal move boh
gre move ion
kie hold
lvn hold
mos hold
nwy support swe
par support bur
pru hold
ruh support bur
sil support mun
stp support fin
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move smy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support par move gas
bur support par move gas
den support kie
eng move mid
fin hold
ion move nap
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lvn hold
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nat support eng move mid
nwy support swe
par move gas
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support mun
stp support fin
swe support nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
fin hold
gas move mar
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn hold
mid move por
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nap hold
nwy support swe
pru hold
rom hold
ruh support bur
sil support mun
smy hold
stp support fin
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
ven hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
