PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
ion move gre
kie move den
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil support tyr move mun
spa move por
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move hol
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
gre support ser move bul
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move bla
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
bud hold
bul support gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support hol
lon move pic via convoy
mun move tyr
nth support ska move den
pic move bre
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
sev move arm
ska move den
spa hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
hol disband
kie disband
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm move smy
bal support kie
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move smy
den move hel
eng support pic move bre
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie support ber move mun
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gol
mos move war
nth convoy lon move bel
par move pic
pic move bre
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum move gal
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm move ank
bal support kie
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bre hold
bul move con
con move smy
eng support bre
gal support sil move boh
gre move aeg
hel support lon move hol
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bre
pie move ven
ruh support hol
sil move boh
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move con
ank support bla move con
bel support ruh move hol
bla move con
bre move par
bul support bla move con
eng move mid
hel support hol
hol support lon move bel
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bre
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy support aeg move con
tri support rom move ven
tyr support rom move ven
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bur
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ank support con
apu move nap
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bre move par
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support bel
con hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support bud move vie
hel support hol
hol support lon move bel
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
mun move bur
nth support lon move bel
par move bre
ruh support mun move bur
sil move boh
smy support aeg move con
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove pie
remove smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
ank move smy
apu move ven
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bre support bel move pic
bud move tri
bur move gas
con support ank move smy
eng move mid
hel hold
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
par support mar move bur
rom support ven move apu
ruh move bur
sil move boh
tri move ven
tys move nap
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
apu move ven
bel move bur
bre support pic move par
bud move ser
con move bla
gas move mar
hel move den
hol hold
ion move tun
mid support wes move spa
nth support hel move den
pic move par
rom support ven move apu
ruh move bur
spa/sc move mar
tri move alb
ven move apu
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move ruh
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support vie
bur move mar
den support hol move kie
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move kie
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move por
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par support bre move gas
por move mid
rom support ven
ser move bul
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven support alb move tri
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
bla move sev
boh support pie move tyr
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support ukr
gas move mar
ion move nap
kie move den
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tyr
por support spa/sc
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
rum support bul
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support gal
ven move tus
vie support bud
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
nap move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army tri
remove tyr
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bud support rum
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal move sil
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum support bud
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move pie
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move stp via convoy
hol support ruh move kie
ion support nap move tys
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
pic move bel
ruh move kie
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
swe support nth move den
tun move tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven support pie
vie support tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ruh move kie
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bur move mun
con move sev via convoy
den support kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move sil
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie support bel move ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf support wes move tun
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ska support edi move nwy
stp support edi move nwy
swe move den
tun move ion
tus support pie
tys support tun
ven support tus
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe move den
bar support stp
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bur move mun
den move bal
hol support ruh move kie
ion support tys
kie support swe move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf support tun
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil support mun
ska support nwy move swe
stp hold
swe move den
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr support pie
tys support ion
ven support tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh move mun
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion support tys
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bul
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
stp support nwy
swe support ska move den
tun hold
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ukr move gal
ven support pie
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support den move kie
bar support stp
ber support den move kie
bul move gre
bur support hol move ruh
den move kie
gal move boh
hel support ska move den
hol move ruh
ion support tys
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nth move bel
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sil support mun
ska move den
stp hold
swe support ska move den
tun hold
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support ion
ven support pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move den
bar support stp
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support ruh move kie
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support tun
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
sil support mun
stp hold
swe support den
tri move adr
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move swe
bar support stp
ber move kie
bur support hol move ruh
den support kie
eng move mid
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion support nap move tys
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support mun
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tun hold
tyr support mun
ven support pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move swe
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support kie
eng move mid
fin support nwy move swe
hel support kie
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support tun move wes
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa/sc support tun move wes
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support pie
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy pru move kie
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber support pru move kie
boh support mun
bur support mar
den move bal
fin support stp
hel support kie
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth move den
pie move mar
pru move kie via convoy
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
swe support den move bal
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ven support pie
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe move bot
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bur move gas
fin support stp
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion support tun
kie support hol move ruh
lvn support bot move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar support ruh move bur
mos support bot move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
swe move bot
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support fin move lvn
bar support stp
boh support mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
fin move lvn via convoy
gas move bur
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion support tun
kie move mun
lvn hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support wes
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
stp support fin move lvn
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys support gol
war support lvn
wes support naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar move nrg
ber hold
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
fin support stp
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn hold
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
naf support wes
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
stp support bot move lvn
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
