PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move bel
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
gre move ion
hol support wal move bel
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nap move apu
nwy support den move swe
pic move bur
rum move sev
ser move rum
spa move gas
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
wal move bel
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bur move ruh
eng support iri move mid
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move alb
hol move ruh
iri move mid
mun support hol move ruh
pru support sil move war
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
ank move con
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bre support por move mid
bud support alb move tri
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move stp/nc
par support bur
por move mid
pru move war
ruh support mun move bur
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev support mos move ukr
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bur move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eng support bre
gas move bre
gre support con move bul
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mun support sil move boh
nth hold
par support gas move bre
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev support bul move rum
sil move boh
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
remove par
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg hold
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre support nth move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
eng move iri
gas move mid
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pic support bur move par
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
sev move ukr
sil move gal
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move eas
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move nth
gal support tyr move vie
gas move bre
gre move ion
iri hold
mid move wes
mos support ukr
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy
eng move iri
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul move ser
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move lvn
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support vie move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
pie move tus
rum move bud
ser move tri
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war support kie move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
ser move alb
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support bud move tri
bal move den
bel hold
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul support ser
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
iri hold
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser support gre move alb
sil move gal
stp/nc move bar
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos
vie support gal move bud
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
remove tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bar hold
bel hold
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion move adr
iri hold
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos hold
nap move rom
nth hold
pie move ven
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move mos
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
mos move sev
ukr disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bar move stp/nc
bel move nwy
bud hold
bul move rum
gal move rum
hol hold
ion support tys move nap
iri hold
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
rom support tys move nap
ruh support hol
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move mid
tri support ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support nap move rom
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bud hold
bul support rum
den move swe
gal support vie move bud
ion move tys
iri hold
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid support bre
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud
sev support war move ukr
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
bar move nwy
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre move ion
ion move adr
iri hold
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid hold
mos support war move ukr
nap support tus move rom
nth hold
rom support apu move nap
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev hold
stp support mos
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tus move rom
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bre support mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas support bre
gre move ion
ion move eas
iri hold
kie move den
mid support bre
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy hold
rom support ven
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bre support mid
bud support vie
bul move con
eas move smy
eng hold
gal support tri move bud
gas support bre
gre hold
ion move aeg
iri hold
gol move tys
mid support bre
mos support sev
nap support tun move ion
nth hold
nwy hold
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
vie support adr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
ank move smy
bla support sev
bre support mid
bud move ser
con support ank move smy
den hold
eng support iri
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move gre
iri support eng
lon move nwy
lvn move mos
mid support bre
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
rum move bul
sev hold
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
England: fleet/dislodged smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
alb move ser
apu move adr
bal move den
bla support sev move rum
bre support mid
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
con support smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support iri
gre support aeg
ion support apu move adr
iri support eng
lvn move mos
mid support bre
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth move bel
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
rum support mos move sev
sev move rum
sil move war
smy hold
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move bul/sc
bel support eng
bla support rum
bre support mid
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ser move gre
con support smy
den move hel
eas move smy
eng support iri
gal support ukr move rum
gre support aeg move bul
hol hold
ion support ven move alb
iri support eng
mid support bre
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth support bel
par support bre
pie move ven
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy hold
stp support mos
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven move alb via convoy
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
bel support nth
bla support ser move rum
bre support mid
bud support rum
bul move gre
con support smy
den hold
eas move smy
eng support bel
gal support rum
gre support aeg move bul
hel support hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri support eng
gol move wes
mid support bre
mos move sev
nth support bel
par support bre
rum support bud
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy hold
stp move mos
tri support alb move ser
tyr hold
ven support tri
vie support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc support aeg
con move bul
den move swe
eas support arm move smy
eng support bel move pic
gal move war
gre support bul/sc
hel move den
hol hold
ion move eas
iri support eng
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth move bel
par support bre move pic
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev move arm
smy support con
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support syr move smy
bel support nth
bla support con
bud support rum
con support smy
den move nth
eng support bel
hol move bel
iri support eng
lvn move stp
mos move stp
nth support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ukr
smy support con
swe move nwy
syr move smy
ukr support war move mos
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove syr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move sev
bel support nth
bla support con move bul
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
con move bul
den support kie move hel
eas move smy
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie move hel
iri move nat
kie move hel
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support bel
nwy hold
par support bre
ruh support hol
rum support mos move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
tri support ser
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul/sc support aeg move con
con move smy
den move ska
eng support nth
gre support bul/sc
hel support hol
hol hold
iri move nat
mid move iri
nth support bel move hol
nwy move stp
par move pic
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri support ser
tyr support bud move tri
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel support nth
ber move kie
bla move con
bre support eng
bul/sc move aeg
bur hold
con move bul/ec
eng support bel
gre move ion
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
iri move nat
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar support par move gas
mos move sev
mun support bur
nat move nrg
nth support bel
par move gas
pic move par
por move mid
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
ska support hol move nth
smy support bla move con
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven support alb move tri
vie support rum move bud
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
ven move rom
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
bre move pic
bud support rum move ser
bur move bel
con hold
edi support bel move nth
eng move lon
gas move bur
hel support nth
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move lon
nrg support bel move nth
nwy move lon
par support gas move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy support con
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
France: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
ser move gre
tri move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
