PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla convoy con move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nap move gre via convoy
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support nth move bel
ser support alb move tri
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move bud
vie move bud
wal hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
den move swe
hol hold
ion move tun
lon move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nrg move bar
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr hold
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel support eng move pic
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bre support pic
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
den move ska
eng move pic
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
ion move adr
kie move den
mid move nat
mun support ruh move bur
nwy hold
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev hold
spa move mar
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre move ser
hol hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move cly
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support bel move eng
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev move bla
ska support den move swe
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
vie support bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
cly move nrg
con move ank
eas move ion
eng support pic move bre
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move adr
lvp hold
mar move gas
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move edi
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev move ank via convoy
ska support swe move nwy
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support bud move rum
ven move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
nwy move stp
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bot move swe
bre support eng move mid
bud move rum
bul support ank move con
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mun move bur
nrg move nat
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr support bud move rum
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ser
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel move pic
bot move swe
bre support bel move pic
bul move gre
bur move par
con hold
den move swe
gas move mar
ion move nap
iri support nat move lvp
mid move por
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support den move swe
pic move par
rom support ion move nap
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
smy hold
swe move fin
tri support ser
ukr move sev
ven move tus
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move rum
bur move par
eng move iri
fin move swe
iri move mid
lvp move cly
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move sil
nat support wal move lvp
nap move tys
nwy move fin
par move gas
pic support bur move par
por move spa/sc
rom support apu move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
smy support ank move con
stp support sev move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move adr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
apu move ven
bot hold
bre hold
bul hold
cly move edi
con hold
fin move stp
gas support mid move bre
iri support nat move lvp
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos hold
nat move lvp
nwy support fin move stp
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move war
rom support apu move ven
rum move gal
ser hold
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move alb
tus move ven
tys move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
stp move lvn
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove iri
build Fleet kie
remove mar
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
remove tys
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu support rom move ven
bel hold
ber move bal
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bul support alb move gre
cly move edi
con move ank
eng hold
gas move spa
gre hold
kie move hol
lvn support bot move stp
lvp move edi
mos support bot move stp
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nwy move stp
par support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support alb move gre
sil move pru
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move ion
bal move den
bel hold
bot support nwy move stp
bre move mid
bur move mar
cly move lvp
eng move nth
gas move spa
hol move nth
lvn support sev move mos
lvp move edi
mos support ukr move sev
nat move lvp
nwy move stp
par move gas
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ser move tri
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
ukr move sev
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
aeg move ion
apu move ion
arm support rum move sev
bel move pic
ber move kie
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
cly support mid move nat
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng support por move mid
hol support den move nth
kie move hel
mid move nat
mar move spa
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nat move lvp
par move bre
por move mid
pru support stp move lvn
rom hold
rum move sev
sev support bud move rum
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tus move rom
ven move apu
war support mos
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Italy: fleet/dislodged apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
nat move nrg
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
apu support adr move ion
arm move ank
bre hold
bul move con
cly move edi
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gre hold
hel support nth
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid move por
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ven move tyr
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth support cly move edi
nrg move edi
pic support bre
pru move sil
rum support ukr move sev
spa move por
swe move nwy
tus support ven move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war support mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
rom move nap
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove mid
remove nat
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
apu support rom move nap
bel move eng
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud move gal
con hold
den support hel move nth
gre hold
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy support nth move nrg
pic move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
rum hold
sev hold
sil move boh
spa move por
tri move tyr
tus move pie
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move bul
edi move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move ion
bel move eng
ber hold
bul hold
bur move mar
cly move edi
con hold
den support nwy move nth
edi move nrg
gal support vie
gas move spa
gre hold
lon move nth
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nap hold
nth move yor
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move nth
pie support tyr
por support gas move spa
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support boh
spa/sc hold
tun hold
tyr support vie
ukr hold
vie support gal
war support ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move gre
ber move kie
boh support vie move gal
bud move rum
bul support gre
con move gre via convoy
den move nth
edi support yor
eng move iri
gal support vie
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
mar move pie via convoy
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie support tyr
por move spa
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support boh
spa move gas
tun move ion
tyr support vie
ukr support vie move gal
vie support gal
war support ukr
yor support den move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move gre
arm move ank
boh support vie move tyr
bul move con
con move gre via convoy
eas move aeg
edi support yor
eng support yor move lon
gal support vie
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support eas move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
mar move pie via convoy
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nat support iri move lvp
nth support yor move lon
pie support tyr
rom move ven
rum support sev
sev hold
sil support boh
spa hold
tyr support pie
ukr support sev move rum
vie support gal
war support ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
