PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
den hold
edi move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy hold
stp move fin
ven hold
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move nth
edi move yor
fin support swe move nwy
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
pic hold
por move mid
rum support sev move bla
ser support alb
sev move bla
smy support ank move con
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tun hold
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move swe
bel support kie move hol
bla hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den hold
eas convoy tun move syr
fin support nwy
gal move war
gas move bre
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun hold
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pic hold
pru move war
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
tun move syr
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove nat
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul hold
con move aeg
eas support syr move smy
eng move iri
fin move swe
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri move eng
mid move nat
mun support ber move sil
nth support eng
nwy support fin move swe
pic support gas move bre
pru move war
rum hold
ser support gre move bul/sc
smy hold
syr move smy
tri move alb
tyr move mun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move arm
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support smy move con
arm move sev
bla move arm
boh support bud move gal
bot move stp/sc
bre move lvp
bul/sc support smy move con
bud move gal
eas move smy
eng move mid
ion move tys
iri convoy bre move lvp
mid convoy bre move lvp
mun hold
nat support bre move lvp
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pru move war
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc
sil support pru move war
smy move con
tyr move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
lvp move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev
bel hold
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move stp/sc
bul/sc move aeg
bud move vie
con move ank
den move ska
eng move bre
gal move war
hol support bel
iri move wal
lvp support iri move wal
mid move wes
mar move gol
nat move cly
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move war
smy move con
swe move fin
tri move adr
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bre hold
cly move edi
con move bla
eng move lon
fin move stp
hol move ruh
lvp support cly move edi
mar move pie
mos move war
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum hold
sev move mos
sil support mos move war
ska move nwy
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support boh move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move sev
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
den hold
edi support nwy move nth
fin move swe
gal move rum
ion support tys move tun
kie move bal
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nap move tys
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
sev move arm
sil support war
stp/sc move bot
tus move gol
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support pie
vie move boh
wal move eng
war hold
wes support mar move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support bot move swe
bla move con
boh move sil
bot move swe
bur support gol move mar
den hold
edi move cly
eng support wal move lon
gas move spa
hol move kie
kie move den
gol move mar
mar move spa
mun hold
nth support kie move den
sev hold
sil support mun
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wal move lon
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mos
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm hold
bal convoy kie move lvn
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support mar
cly move nat
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gas move spa
ion move aeg
lon move wal
gol hold
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move fin
par move gas
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun
stp support sev move mos
swe move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move apu
vie support boh
war support stp move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
con move aeg
fin move nwy
gal move war
gas support spa
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid support naf
mar support spa
mos support gal move war
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move cly
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
sil support war
spa support mar
stp support fin move nwy
swe hold
tun support wes
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie support gal
wal move lon
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove fin
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
apu hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bur support mar
cly move nat
gas support mid move spa/sc
ion convoy nap move smy
kie support mun
lon move bel
gol convoy pie move naf
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
naf move wes
nap move smy
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support bot move stp/sc
pie move naf
pru move war
sil support pru move war
spa move por
stp move fin
swe move fin
tun support wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war hold
wes convoy pie move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
gal move sil
gas support por move spa
ion move tys
kie move mun
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos hold
mun move boh
naf move wes
nat move mid
nwy support stp/sc
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
sil support mun move boh
smy move arm
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tun support wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move tus
arm move sev
boh move sil
bud support vie
bur support ruh move mun
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move war
gol support wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
nth hold
nwy move ska
pic move par
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support boh move sil
ruh move mun
sil hold
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
tun move naf
tys support gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support mun move tyr
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud move tri
bur support mun
gal support war
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
par hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
sev support mos
sil move ber
ska move swe
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tun move naf
tys support gol
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh move mun
bur support gas move mar
gal support war
gas move mar
kie support mun
lvn support bal move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf support spa/sc move wes
par move gas
pie move mar
por hold
pru support mos move lvn
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
swe move bot
tri support vie
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
vie support boh
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil
bot move lvn
bur support mun
gal support war
gas move mar
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
naf move tun
pie support ven move tus
por support mid move spa/sc
pru hold
sev support mos
sil hold
spa/sc move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven move tus
vie support boh
war support pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn move pru
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
gal support war
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move den
pie move tus
por move spa
pru hold
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil hold
spa/sc move mar
stp support bot move lvn
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven support tus move pie
vie support boh
war support pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support sil
bur support mun
den move swe
gal support war
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn move stp/sc
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap move tys
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru hold
rom support nap move tys
sev support mos
sil hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tri support tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie support boh
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh support sil
bud support tri
bur support mun
gal support war
kie move lvn
lvn move bot
gol support tun move tys
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
par move gas
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sil hold
spa move naf
stp support kie move lvn
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tus move rom
vie support boh
war hold
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
boh hold
bud support gal
bur support mun
gal support war
gas move spa
ion hold
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mid hold
mar move pie
mun support sil
naf support wes move tun
pru move war
ruh support mun
sil support pru move war
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support vie
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
vie support boh
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support sil
boh hold
bud support gal
bur support mun
gal hold
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move apu
par move gas
pie support tri move ven
pru move bal
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move arm
sil support war
spa move tus
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tus
vie support boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Italy: army/dislodged mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move syr
bal move den
ber support mun
boh hold
bot move bal
bud support gal
bur support mun
gal hold
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion support tun move nap
lvn support mos
gol convoy spa move pie
mar support spa move pie
mos hold
mun hold
pie move tus
rom support tun move nap
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil support war
spa move pie
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun move nap
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy tun move nap
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie support boh
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove syr
remove ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support tri move ven
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh hold
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move pic
gal move war
gre hold
ion move eas
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap support rom
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
sev hold
sil support war move gal
spa move gas
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support pie move tus
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu support ven
bal hold
ber move pru
boh hold
bud support vie move gal
den move hel
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support sil move boh
gas move spa
gre hold
ion move adr
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil move boh
nap move apu
pic move bur
pie move gol
rom support tus move ven
ruh support mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys support rom
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
gal move war
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh hold
bud support vie
bur move mar
gal hold
gre move ion
ion convoy spa move alb
kie move lvn
lon hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support boh
nap move apu
pru move war
rom support nap move apu
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support war move ukr
smy move con
spa move alb
tri support ven
tus move ven
tys convoy spa move alb
ven move rom
vie hold
war move ukr
wes convoy spa move alb
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
apu move rom
boh support war move gal
bud support gal
con move bul/sc
gal hold
gre move ion
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol convoy mar move rom
mar move rom
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move apu
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil support war move gal
tri support ven
tus support rom move ven
tyr move pie
tys convoy mar move rom
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
rum move ser
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu hold
bal move den
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hel hold
kie move mun
gol convoy mar move rom
mar move rom
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap support ven move apu
nwy hold
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
ruh hold
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
sil support boh
tun move ion
tus support mar move rom
tys convoy mar move rom
ven move apu
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move ven
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bur move pic
den move nth
gal support bud
gas move bur
gre move bul
hel move hol
ion move adr
gol move tys
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nwy move nrg
rom support apu move ven
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
tus support apu move ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move con
apu move alb
bel hold
boh support tyr
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bur support pic move bel
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move hol
mun hold
nat move cly
nth move lon
nrg hold
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move apu
ruh support bel
rum move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
tus support ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move wes
ukr hold
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre move ser
apu hold
bel hold
boh support tyr
bud move ser
bur support pic move bel
cly move nrg
con support aeg move bul/sc
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol move edi
ion move aeg
lon hold
mun hold
nth convoy hol move edi
nrg support hol move edi
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum support bud move ser
tus move rom
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove rom
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb support ser
apu move rom
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bul/sc move con
bud move ser
bur move bel
cly move lvp
con move bla
edi move lvp
eng support bur move bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul
kie move hel
lon hold
mid move iri
mun hold
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
France: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
France: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move ser
arm move smy
bel support bur
bla move rum
boh support tyr
bud support rum
bul support alb move ser
bur support bel
cly move lvp
con move smy
edi hold
eng support bel
hel support nth
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move nat
kie move den
lon hold
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nrg support edi
pic support bel
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
tri move vie
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
tri disband
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
