PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move bul
spa move por
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bud support adr move tri
bul move ser
bur support par move pic
con move bul
gre support con move bul
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move bla
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven hold
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm move ank
bel support mun move bur
ber hold
bla support arm move ank
bot move bal
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol convoy spa move tus
mun move bur
nth move den
pic move bel
ser move bul
sil support bur move mun
ska support nth move den
spa move tus via convoy
stp move fin
swe support bot move bal
tri hold
tys move tun
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bal support den move kie
bel move bur
ber support kie
bla move ank
bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
fin move nwy
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion support rom move tys
kie support ber
lon move eng
gol move tys
mun support bel move bur
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
swe support bal
tri support ven
tus move rom
tys move tun
ven hold
vie support tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
kie move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move adr
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
bur move mar
con support gre move bul
den support kie
eng support bel
gas move par
gre move bul
hol support ber move kie
ion support gre
kie support nth move hol
gol move mar
mun support ber move kie
nth move hol
nwy hold
rom move tys
ruh support ber move kie
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move mun
swe move den
tri hold
tun support rom move tys
tus move ven
ven move rom
vie support tri
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
kie move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove rom
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support adr move tri
con move smy
den move kie
eng move nth
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion support tun
kie move hol
gol move tus
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move wes
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy move con
swe move bot
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tys hold
ven support adr move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support sil move ber
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bla support con
bot support bal
bud hold
bul support smy move con
hol support kie
ion move tys
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move con
tri move alb
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ion
remove kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla move sev
bot support stp
bud support adr move tri
bul support smy move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den support yor move kie
hol support yor move kie
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move sil
naf move tun
rom support gol move tys
ruh move mun
sev support mos
smy move con
stp support war move mos
tri hold
tun move tys
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support tri
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged con
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
mos move lvn
ruh move kie
tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move sev via convoy
bal support ber
ber support den move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bot support stp
bud support adr move tri
bul support con
bur move mun
con move smy
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol move nth
ion support nap
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mos support ank move sev
mun support kie
nap hold
nth move eng
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev support lvn move mos
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
wes move tun
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
mun move sil
nap move apu
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Fleet bre
remove gre
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move pru
ber support kie
bla support ank move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move gre
eng convoy wal move hol
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie support hel move hol
mar move spa/sc
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy wal move hol
par move pic
ruh move bel
sev hold
smy support bul move con
stp move lvn
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys hold
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move hol via convoy
war support stp move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla support mos move sev
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support tri
con move smy
eng convoy wal move hol
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie support wal move hol
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mos move sev
mun support bel move ruh
nth convoy wal move hol
pic move bel
pru move bal
ruh move kie
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move hol via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion move gre
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support pru move sil
bla support con
bre move eng
con move smy
eng move wal
gal support bud move vie
hel move nth
ion move gre
kie support hol
mid support bre move eng
mun move kie
nat move cly
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pru move sil
ruh support bel move hol
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm move smy
bal support ber
ber support sil move mun
bla support rum move bul
boh support bud move vie
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
cly move lvp
eng support mid move iri
gal support bud move vie
gre support adr move ion
hel move hol
hol move kie
kie support hel move hol
lvp move nat
mid move iri
mun support hol move kie
nth move bel
nrg move edi
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil move mun
smy move con
tri support vie
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
bal move den
bel support lon move eng
ber move mun
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
bul hold
con move ank
edi move cly
eng support pic move bel
gal move boh
gre support aeg move bul
hol move nth
ion move alb
iri move wal
lon move eng
lvp support iri move wal
mar move bur
mun hold
nat move mid
pic move bel
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
smy move syr
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
ank support bla move con
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support ber move mun
bre move mid
bul/sc hold
bur support mun
cly support nat move lvp
con move smy
den move hel
eng move lon
gre support bul/sc
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp hold
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
syr support con move smy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
lvp move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support con
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support pic move bel
cly support lvp
con support smy move aeg
eng move lon
gre move aeg
hel support nth
hol support bel
iri move lvp
lon support bre move eng
lvp hold
mid move nat
mun hold
nth support eng move lon
nrg move nat
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
syr move smy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support ser move tri
wal support lon
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur move mun
cly support lvp
con support rum move bul
eng move lon
gre move aeg
hel support ber move kie
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
iri support mid move nat
kie support bur move mun
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nth move den
nrg move nth
ruh support kie
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sil support mun
smy move aeg
syr move arm
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie move tri
wal support eng move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move gre
tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support smy
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur move ruh
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den move ska
edi move cly
eng move lon
gre move bul/sc
hel support hol
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri support nat move lvp
kie move ruh
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mar move pie
mun support kie move ruh
nat move lvp
nth support cly move nrg
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support mun
smy support con move aeg
tri move ven
vie move tri
wal support nat move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
hol move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
bel support hol
bud move ser
bur move ruh
cly support nrg move nat
eas support ion move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal move vie
gre support ion move aeg
hel support kie move hol
hol support bur move ruh
ion move aeg
iri move nat
kie move hol
lvp support iri move nat
mun support ruh move bur
nth support lon
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
sev move rum
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
tri support bud move ser
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bur move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bel support hol
bur move bel
con support rum move bul
eas move smy
eng support wal move lon
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol hold
iri move nat
lvp support iri move nat
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par support gas move bur
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy support con
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
hol move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move ser
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con support rum move bul
eas move smy
edi support nth
eng move nth
gal support bud
gre move bul/sc
hel support nth
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon support eng move nth
lvp move cly
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat support lvp move cly
nth support hol move bel
par move gas
pie move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bul
ser move bud
smy support con
tri support pie move ven
ukr move rum
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
France: fleet cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
cly disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support smy
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur move bel
cly support nat move nrg
con move bul/sc
eas move smy
edi support nth
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
hol support eng move bel
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move sev
nat move nrg
nth support kie move hol
par move bur
ruh support hol
rum support con move bul
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support smy
bel support lon move nth
bla convoy sev move bul
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bur support mar
cly support nrg move edi
con support sev move bul
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre support aeg move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie support nth move hol
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nth move hol
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support gas move mar
ruh move kie
rum support sev move bul
ser support aeg move bul
sev move bul via convoy
sil move mun
smy move aeg
vie support bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
