PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
arm move sev
bla move sev
bot convoy stp move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
nth support pic move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move swe via convoy
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bla support gal move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
den hold
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy tun move nap
kie support den
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg support edi move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
tri hold
tun move nap via convoy
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support swe
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support den
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move gre via convoy
nth support pic move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ser support bul
sev support gal move rum
ska support nwy move swe
tri hold
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
apu move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul move con
con move bul/ec
den support swe
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move hel
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
rum support mos move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
ska support nwy move swe
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe move fin
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move smy via convoy
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move bel
den support bot move swe
eas convoy apu move smy
fin move stp
gal support ukr move rum
gas hold
gre support rum move bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move smy
kie support mun
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska move den
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move smy
bel support bur move ruh
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
den support bot move swe
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support ruh
ion move tys
mar move spa/sc
mun support ruh
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pic support bel
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
ska support swe move den
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal support bot move swe
bel support nth move hol
bla support aeg move bul
bot move swe
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc move con
bur support tyr move mun
con support aeg move bul
eas support tys move ion
gas move mar
hel move kie
hol support ruh
mun support ruh
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie support ven
ruh support mun
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth move hol
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support rum move bud
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support hol
gol hold
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
ska support nwy move swe
stp move fin
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support bur move ruh
bot move swe
bud support tri
bul/sc support smy move gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
gol hold
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nrg support nwy
pic support bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser move rum
ska support swe
smy move gre via convoy
stp support fin move nwy
tri hold
tyr support adr move tri
tys move ion
ven support adr move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
tri move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
remove tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bot support fin move swe
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nrg support nwy
pic move bel
pie move tus
rum hold
ska support swe
smy support aeg move eas
stp move mos
tyr support bud move vie
tys support eas move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bot move swe
bul/sc support smy move aeg
bur support ruh move mun
eas support aeg move ion
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gal move war
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move war
vie move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
sev move arm
tri move vie
tys move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber move kie
bot support stp
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
fin move bot
ion move adr
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nwy move stp
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser hold
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move con
tri support ser
tun move naf
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army/dislodged tus
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
stp move lvn
tus move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move swe
bar support stp
bot move stp/sc
bud move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
fin support stp
gre support con move bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn support bot move stp
mos support bot move stp
naf move mid
nth move den
rum support bud move ser
swe move bot
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army smy
remove tyr
remove ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
den move bal
eas convoy smy move apu
edi move den via convoy
fin support stp
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvn support bot move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie support tys move gol
rum move gal
ser move bud
smy move apu via convoy
stp hold
swe support den move bal
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tys move gol
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move sil
bot support mos move stp
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support mar
den move lvn via convoy
eas support gre move ion
fin move bot
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn support gal move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
pie move mar
pru support den move lvn
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move mos
swe support fin move bot
tun hold
tyr support ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support bot move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bot move lvn
con move bul
eas support ion
gre move alb
ion support nap move tys
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
por support gol move spa
pru support lvn move war
sil support lvn move war
smy hold
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun support tys
tys hold
ven move adr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
bal convoy den move ber
bul move rum
den move ber via convoy
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move nap
lvn hold
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mos support gal move war
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
por move spa/sc
pru support war
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move syr
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tun hold
tys move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven support nap move rom
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move ber
ber move sil
bre move mid
con move aeg
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
ion support nap move tys
lvn move bal
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
por move spa/sc
pru support war
rom support nap move tys
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support sil move mun
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
naf support tun
nat move mid
nth move bel
pie move tus
pru support war
rom move nap
sil move mun
smy move arm
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun support gol move tys
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr move pie
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
tys move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove mos
remove naf
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
arm move sev
bal move den
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas support gre move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move bal
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
nap move tys
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom support nap move tys
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven support rom
war support stp move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move nth
eas support ion
eng convoy wal move bre
ion support tun
kie move ruh
lvn support stp move mos
mun support kie move ruh
naf move mid
pie move mar
rom support ven move tus
sev move mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
wal move bre via convoy
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army/dislodged tus
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bur
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
remove pie
build Army smy
remove ukr
remove wes
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
eng move mid
lon move den via convoy
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth convoy lon move den
spa/sc hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
con move bul
gal move boh
gre move ion
ion move tys
gol support spa
rom move tus
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tun move wes
tus move pie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
