PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser hold
sil move ber
smy move con
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move pru
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
con support smy move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move bul
kie support mun
lon move eng
mar move bur
nap move tys
nwy move ska
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support war move pru
smy move ank
spa move mar
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
arm move smy
bal move kie
ber support mun
bla move con
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
eng support wal move bre
gre support aeg move bul
hol support nth move bel
kie support ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth move bel
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
swe move bal
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
vie move boh
wal move bre via convoy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove rum
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move swe
ber move sil
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support mar
con move smy
eng support wal move bel
gre move ion
hol support wal move bel
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
nth move nrg
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska move den
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move mun
wal move bel via convoy
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
ber support pru
bla support ank
boh move gal
bul move rum
bur support mar
con support smy move ank
den move hel
eng support wal move bre
fin move stp/sc
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nrg move nat
pic move bre
pie support tyr move ven
pru support ber
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tyr move ven
wal move bre via convoy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre hold
bud move ser
bur support mar
con support smy move ank
eng support hol move bel
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
mid move bre
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
nat move iri
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rum move sev
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move wes
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber hold
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/sc
eng move bre
lvn support sil move war
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth support bel
pic move bel
pie move tyr
por move mid
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move war
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove den
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move bul
bud move gal
bur support pic move bel
con support ank move bul
eng support lon move bre
iri move nat
kie move bal
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move mos
mid support lon move bre
mar move spa
mos support pru move war
nth support bel
pic move bel
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por
stp/sc move lvn
tri move ser
tys move ion
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy ber move swe
bel hold
ber move swe via convoy
bla support bul
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
eng support lon move bre
gal support pru move war
ion support ser move gre
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support war
mid support lon move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos support pru move war
nat move nrg
nth support bel
pic support bur move bel
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move mos
spa/sc support por
stp/sc hold
tri move ser
tys move nap
war support sev move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bel hold
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support mid move bre
gal move ukr
ion move gre
kie support bal move den
lon move pic via convoy
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos support pru move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev support war move mos
smy move con
spa/sc support por
stp/sc move lvn
swe move fin
tri move alb
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support gre
bel hold
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support smy move gre
con support bul
den move nth
eng support bre
fin move nwy
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support sev
nth support bel
nwy move bar
pic move bel
por support spa/sc
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc support por
stp move mos
swe support fin move nwy
ukr support stp move mos
ven move rom
war support stp move mos
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lon
remove lvn
remove mid
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bar support nth move nwy
bel hold
ber support mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move nth
eng move bel
gre support ion move aeg
hol support den move nth
ion move aeg
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nwy support stp/sc
par move bre
por hold
rom move ven
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy support con
spa support mar move gas
swe move den
tri move adr
ukr move sev
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
nwy move fin
sev disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ser move bul
bar move nwy
bel move edi via convoy
ber support mun
bre hold
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support con move aeg
eng support nwy move nth
fin support stp/sc
gas support par move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support ber
nth convoy bel move edi
nwy move nth
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
sev move arm
spa support mid move por
stp/sc hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
nth move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
arm move syr
bel hold
ber move kie
bre hold
bul support aeg move gre
eas move smy
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gas move bur
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
ion move aeg
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa move gas
swe support fin move nwy
tri move adr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm support syr move smy
bel move yor via convoy
bre move pic
bul support aeg move con
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move lon
gas move par
hol hold
kie move den
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy support swe
pic move bel
por move mid
ska support den move swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
swe support kie move den
syr move smy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
remove hel
build Fleet kie
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move smy
arm support smy move ank
bel move yor via convoy
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move kie
edi support nth
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon hold
mid move iri
nth convoy bel move yor
par move bur
pic support bel
ser move bud
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
arm move smy
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
edi move cly
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support wes move tun
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon hold
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth support yor move lon
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ser move bul
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tys support wes move tun
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel hold
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support kie move mun
cly move nat
con move bla
den move bal
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support gal move war
mun move boh
nth move eng
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sil support mun move boh
smy move ank
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support lvn
bel move hol
bla hold
boh move gal
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal support war
gas move bur
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lvn support stp move mos
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nat hold
pie hold
pru move war
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support bur move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove naf
remove nat
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move bul
edi move yor
eng move wal
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvn support mos
lvp move wal
mar support pie
mos support bla move sev
mun support vie move boh
par move pic
pie hold
pru support sil move war
ruh move kie
sev support war move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support gol
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
