PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bel hold
ber move bal
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
kie move ber
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bal move swe
bel support bur
ber support mun
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support con move gre
bur support bel
con move gre via convoy
den support bal move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gas support bur
hol hold
ion convoy apu move gre
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
rum move bud
ser support apu move gre
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri hold
tys support ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur
ber move pru
bla support bul
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support bel
con support bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gas support bur
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol support wes
mid hold
mun hold
nap support tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move vie
tys support ion move tun
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support ser move gre
bar move nwy
bel support bur
ber move sil
bla move rum
bul support con move gre
bur support bel
con move gre via convoy
den hold
gal move war
gas support bur
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
gol support wes
mid support wes
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pru move war
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
stp move lvn
swe hold
tun support tys
tys hold
ukr support gal move war
vie move tri
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bel support bur
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
bur support bel
den hold
gas support bur
gre hold
hol hold
ion support tys
lon move nth
lvn move war
gol support wes
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nwy move bar
pru move war
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes support gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bar move nwy
bel support bur
bla support con move bul
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
den hold
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol hold
lvn move mos
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move nat
pru move war
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil support pru move war
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move rum
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
gre move bul
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nwy move nrg
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil move gal
swe hold
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm hold
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud move vie
con move bul
den hold
gal support boh move vie
hol hold
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
pie hold
rom hold
rum support con move bul
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
swe hold
tys move nap
ukr move rum
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move tri
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bre move mid
bud hold
bul hold
con support bul
den hold
edi move yor
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol hold
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nap support tun move ion
nrg move nth
rum move bul
ser support bud
sev move arm
swe hold
tun move ion
tyr support vie
ven support alb move tri
vie support gal move bud
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol hold
iri support nat move mid
gol move tus
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nap support tys move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr support vie
tys move rom
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove apu
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla support con move ank
bud hold
con move ank
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gas support bre
gre support bul
hol hold
ion support nap move apu
iri convoy wal move por
mid convoy wal move por
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth support lon move bel
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
swe hold
tri support ven
tus move tys
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move por via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move smy
apu move ven
bla move con
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move tri
bul move ser
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support ser
hol hold
ion hold
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid move spa/sc
nth support lon move bel
pie support apu move ven
por support mid move spa
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr support vie move tri
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
England: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
remove pic
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move ven
bel support lvp move pic
bla support ank
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move con
den hold
eng convoy lvp move pic
gal move bud
gas support bre
gre support ser
hol hold
ion move adr
iri convoy lvp move pic
kie move hel
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move pic via convoy
mid support por move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support apu move ven
por move spa
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
alb move ser
apu support pie move ven
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla convoy bul move sev
bud support ser
bul move sev via convoy
bur move mar
den support hel
eng support pic move bre
gas move par
gre support alb move ser
hel support hol
hol hold
iri move mid
gol move mar
mid move gas
nth support eng
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
spa support mid move gas
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move smy
apu move ion
arm move ank
bre support pic move par
bud support tri
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move naf
gas support spa
gre support bul
hel hold
hol hold
lon move naf via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid convoy lon move naf
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
par move pic
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa support bur move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tri hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con move smy
bre move par
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur support mar
con move smy
den support hel
eng move bre
gas move spa/nc
gre hold
hel support hol
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
iri hold
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos move sev
naf move tun
nth move eng
par support bre move gas
pie support mar
ser support tri
spa move por
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Army mun
remove rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
bel move pic
bre support spa/nc move gas
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
hel hold
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bel move pic
pie move ven
por move spa
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/nc move gas
swe hold
tri support ser
tys move tun
ven move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support pic move bur
bre support par move gas
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support bel
gas move spa/nc
hel hold
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
mid move naf
mar hold
naf move tun
nth support bel
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move bur
pie support mar
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
ser move alb
smy move con
spa move por
swe hold
tri support ser move alb
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven move rom
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
