PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bot move swe
bul support gal move rum
con move smy
eng move bel
gal move rum
ion convoy nap move tun
kie support ruh move hol
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
stp move nwy
ven move tri
vie hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
con move aeg
den move ska
eng move bre
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move ruh
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
pic move bel
rum move bud
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tri move alb
tun move gre via convoy
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
bel support lon move pic
bla support rum
bud support alb move ser
bul move ser
bur hold
den move ska
eng hold
gal move bud
gre support alb move ser
ion support gre
kie move hol
lon move yor
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
smy move arm
swe hold
tys hold
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move tri
bul support bud move ser
bur move par
con support ank move bla
eng support bel move pic
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser move bul
ska move nth
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bar move nwy
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bul move ser
con move bul/ec
edi hold
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul move ser
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
nth convoy hol move lon
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support con move bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
tri support vie move bud
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bla convoy con move rum
bre support par move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec support con move rum
gal support rum
gre support ser
hol move lon via convoy
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move lon
nwy move nrg
par move gas
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support con move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move rum via convoy
bla support ank move rum
boh move vie
bul/ec support ank move rum
con move smy
den move edi
gal support boh move vie
gre hold
ion move aeg
mid support spa/sc move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy den move edi
nrg support den move edi
rum support gre move bul
ser support ank move rum
sev support ank move rum
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move sev via convoy
bla support ank move sev
bul/ec hold
bur move mar
con support bul/ec
gal support rum
gas support bur move mar
gre move alb
hel move nth
ion move alb
kie move bal
lon move yor
mid hold
mar support por move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
por move spa/sc
rum support gre move bul
ser support ven move tri
sev move arm
tri support mun move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
ank support con move smy
arm move smy
ber move pru
bla move rum
bul/ec support bla move rum
con move smy
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move bul
ion move eas
mid move gas
mar move pie
nat move iri
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri support ven move tyr
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move ank
bla convoy ank move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
con support ank move bul
eas support arm move smy
gas move spa
iri support nth move eng
mid move gas
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie support spa/sc move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
spa/sc move mar
tri support tyr
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
tyr move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move bul
boh support tyr
bul move gre
bur support spa move gas
con support ank move bul
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gas move spa/nc
iri move mid
mar support gas move spa
pie support mar
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support ank move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move gas
tri support rum move bud
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con move smy
arm move smy
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move gas
con move smy
eng move nth
gas move mid
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move tys
pie support ven move tyr
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move bla
smy hold
spa support bur move gas
tri support bud move ser
tus move gol
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
smy move aeg
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move tri
ank hold
bla convoy sev move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
gal move rum
gas move mid
gre move ion
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth move eng
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev move bul via convoy
smy support ank
spa support bur move mar
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
tys move wes
vie support alb move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet con
remove gas
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
arm hold
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move gas
con hold
eng support nat move mid
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
gol move wes
mun move bur
nat move mid
pie support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support arm
smy hold
spa/sc support gol move wes
tri move alb
tyr support tri move ven
tys support gre move tun
ven support tri move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
wes disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move con
arm hold
ber move mun
bla support bul
bre move spa via convoy
bud support vie
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
gas support bur move mar
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
mid convoy bre move spa
pie support ven
por support bre move spa
ser move gre
sev support arm
smy hold
spa/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move ven
tys convoy tun move tus
ven support vie move tri
vie hold
war move gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb move ser
apu support ven
arm move syr
bal convoy kie move swe
bla support sev move arm
bud support vie
bul support gre move ser
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas support mid move spa
gre support bul
kie move swe via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mar support tyr move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
pie support ven
por support mid move spa
sev move arm
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tus support pie
tyr move pie
ven support pie
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support ven
arm move ank
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul support bla move con
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
gre move ser
lvp move edi
mar move pie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
swe support nth move nwy
syr move smy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove pie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
apu support ven
arm move ank
ber support mun
boh support bud move vie
bud move vie
bul support con
con support arm move ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
ser support tri
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe support edi move nwy
syr move smy
tri support bud move vie
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support tus move pie
vie move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bal convoy kie move lvn
boh move mun
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
fin move swe
kie move den
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
pie move tus
por move spa
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska support fin move swe
spa move tus via convoy
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
ven support pie move tus
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support ven
ber support ruh move mun
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal move war
kie support ruh move mun
gol convoy spa move tus
mos move stp
mun move kie
nwy support mos move stp
pie support spa move tus
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun
ska support swe move den
smy move arm
spa move tus via convoy
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support tyr
tus support ven
tyr support mun
tys support tus
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
stp move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move mun
bur support boh move mun
con move bul
den hold
fin support mos move stp
mos move stp
pru move ber
rum move gal
sil support pru move ber
ska support den
tri support tyr
tus support ven
tyr hold
tys support tus
ven support tyr move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
