PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
edi move nwy
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move bel
smy move ank
spa hold
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support sev move arm
bud move ser
bul move gre
den support swe
hol support bel
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic hold
por move mid
rum support bud move ser
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
ser move alb
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh move bur
bla support arm move ank
con support smy move ank
den support nwy move swe
gal move sil
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
pic support gas move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bal move swe
bar support swe move nwy
bel support ruh
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
bud support tri move ser
bul move con
bur support pic
con move bul
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid hold
mar support bur
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
par support pic
pic support bur
ruh support bel
ser move bud
sil move gal
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tri move ser
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move rum
bul hold
bur hold
con support smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun support ber move sil
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move bre
ruh support mun
ser support ion move gre
smy hold
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bur hold
den support ber move bal
eas move smy
eng support bel move pic
gas support bre
gre support ser move bul
lvp hold
mid move bre
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nap move tys
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
bur move mar
rum move ser
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bal convoy swe move ber
bla support ank move con
bre support gas move par
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support ser move rum
gas move par
gre support bul
lvp hold
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support swe move ber
nat move cly
nrg hold
pic support eng move bre
por move spa
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe move ber
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bal move pru
ber move sil
bla support ukr move rum
boh support bud move gal
bre support gas
bud move gal
bul support smy move con
con hold
edi support lvp move cly
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre move ion
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pic support gas move par
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
smy move con
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move eng
bla move rum
boh support gal
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul move ser
cly move nwy
con move bul/ec
edi hold
eng move mid
gal support bud move rum
ion move tys
kie support mun
mid move naf
mos support war
mun support sil
nrg convoy cly move nwy
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum move ser
sil support war
spa/sc support por
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war support sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
boh support gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
edi move nwy
eng move bre
gal support boh
gas move spa/nc
kie support mun
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr move sev
naf move wes
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move gas
por support spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war support sil
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Italy: army/dislodged sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh support gal
bre support mid
bur move mar
gal support ukr
gas move spa/nc
ion move tys
kie support mun
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
naf move wes
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie support tyr
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ukr support arm move sev
war move gal
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh move sil
bre support mid
bur move ruh
gal support boh move sil
gas move spa/nc
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support par move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
par move bur
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru hold
rom move tus
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh support tyr
bre support mid
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal support boh
gas move spa/nc
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol support spa/sc
mid support gas move spa/nc
mos support war
mun support sil
nat support mid
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support war
stp support mos
tyr support pie
ukr support gal
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
