PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move gas
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gas move spa
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pie hold
rom move tun via convoy
rum move sev
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla support ank move arm
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
den support ber move kie
edi move yor
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move hel
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul support gre
con support ser move bul
den hold
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support bul
hel move nth
kie move hol
mid hold
mar move pie
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy support hel move nth
pie move ven
por support spa
rom move tus
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa hold
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support sev
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con hold
gre move aeg
hel move nth
lon move nth
gol support ven move pie
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos support rum move sev
nth move eng
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support hel move nth
pie hold
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move ukr
spa support mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tus support ven move pie
tyr support pie
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel move wal via convoy
bla support gre move bul
bul move gre
con support gre move bul
edi move yor
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon support nrg move nth
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos support sev
nrg move nth
nwy support hel move nth
pie hold
rum move bla
ser support bul move gre
spa hold
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr move ven
ven move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army tri
remove tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul move gre
bar move nrg
bul move gre
eng support hel move nth
hel move nth
lon move yor
gol move tys
mar hold
mos move sev
nrg move nat
nwy support bar move nrg
par move gas
pie move tus
rum move bla
ser support bul move gre
sev move arm
spa support mar
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support wes move gol
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
wal move lon
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gol move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
den move yor via convoy
edi move cly
eng move iri
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
lon support den move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
nat move mid
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri move vie
tus support pie
tyr support mar move pie
tys move tun
ven support pie
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel support mun move ruh
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move mar
edi move cly
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nth support yor move edi
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
rum move bla
sev move arm
smy support bul move con
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
bel move hol
bla move ank
cly hold
con support bla move ank
den move nth
ion support tri move apu
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
naf hold
nap support rom
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom support nap
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil move ber
smy hold
spa move mar
tri move apu via convoy
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army mos
remove naf
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move kie
bud hold
con move bul
edi hold
hol support lon move bel
ion move nap
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move wal
mar hold
mun support ruh move kie
nap support rom move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Russia: fleet/dislodged bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move vie
bul move con
eng move lon
gas move bre
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie support mun move ber
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move den
pru move sil
rom hold
sil move mun
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus move rom
tys support rom
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
wal move lon
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move kie
boh move mun
eng move nth
ion move nap
kie move den
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support kie move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support ber move kie
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support nap move rom
tys support rom
ven support nap move rom
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
den support mun move kie
eng move nth
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil move mun
swe support den
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move rom
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
kie move hol
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move ank
den move hel
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hol support ruh
ion hold
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nap support ion
nth support hol
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh hold
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tus hold
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud move rum
con move ank
den move nth
hel support kie move hol
hol support ruh
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon support nth
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support hol
nwy support den move nth
rom move nap
ruh support hol
rum move sev
sil move boh
swe move fin
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr support vie move boh
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
nth move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove mos
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
boh move gal
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con move smy
fin move swe
gal move ukr
hel move nth
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy support hel move nth
rom move nap
rum support boh move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska move den
spa/sc move mid
tri move adr
tyr hold
ven hold
vie support boh move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move bla
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
ion hold
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
rum support gal move ukr
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nwy
smy move con
tyr support vie move boh
ven hold
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
nwy move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove pic
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
arm support con move ank
bel move pic
bla support rum move sev
boh move mun
bur move pic
con move ank
edi move cly
gal move sil
hol move ruh
ion move nap
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support sil
nat move iri
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
rum move sev
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bla move con
bur move par
cly move lvp
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tys
iri move lvp
mar move spa
mun move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move edi
nrg move edi
por hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move war
swe move fin
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support nth move eng
ber move sil
bud support gal
cly move lvp
con move aeg
fin move stp
gal support ber move sil
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move swe
por hold
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war
spa move por
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy smy move ven
aeg convoy smy move ven
bel move pic
ber support pru move sil
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move sil
ion convoy smy move ven
iri move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mos move ukr
par support bre
por hold
pru move sil
ruh move mun
sev support ukr
sil move mun
smy move ven via convoy
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
tys hold
ukr support bud move gal
war support mos move ukr
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
bal move kie
ber support ruh move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
gas support bre
ion move tys
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid support eng move bre
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
por support mid move spa
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre hold
con move bla
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
gas support bre
ion hold
lvn support mos
mid support spa/sc move por
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move nrg
nrg move edi
par support bre
por support mid
ruh support ber move mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support gal
war move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support mun move sil
bre support par move pic
gal move war
gas move par
ion move tys
iri move nat
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move sil
naf support wes move mid
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move eng
por move spa/nc
ruh support ber move mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move boh
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie support rum move gal
war support mos move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
sil move ber
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
con move aeg
edi move cly
eng move bel
gal support sil move war
iri support mid move eng
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mos move ukr
naf support wes move mid
nat move lvp
nth support eng move bel
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
spa/nc move gas
stp move fin
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support mos move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
mos move stp
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
cly move nrg
edi move cly
eng move nth
gal support war
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri support mid move nat
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth support lon move eng
par support bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
sev move mos
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support mun
boh support war move sil
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
cly move nat
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal support war move sil
gas move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nat move cly
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
par support bur
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move bel
sil move boh
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie support boh
wal support iri move lvp
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
eng support wal
fin support stp
gal support boh move sil
gas move bre
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri move eng
lvn support sil move pru
lvp support nat move iri
mid support nat move iri
mos move stp
nat move iri
nwy move ska
par support bur
pic move bel
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
sil move pru
tri move tyr
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal support eng
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh move mun
bur support pic move bel
eng support wal move lon
fin support stp
gal move boh
iri convoy tus move lvp
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mid convoy tus move lvp
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth support lon
par support bur
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
ska move den
tri move ven
tus move lvp via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy tus move lvp
wal move lon
war move sil
wes convoy tus move lvp
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
