PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bla support gal move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move vie
tus move pie
ven move tyr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support sev move arm
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con support bul
edi move nrg
fin support swe move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move mun
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth support pic move bel
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm support rum move ank
bar support nrg move nwy
bel move bur
bla convoy rum move ank
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move bul/ec
den move swe
fin support nwy
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move bel
gol support gas move mar
mun support bel move bur
nth support pic move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rum move ank via convoy
sil move war
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc support nwy
tyr hold
tys move gol
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
gol move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
remove gol
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
arm move smy
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support nth
ber move bal
bla support ank move con
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
fin support nwy move swe
gre move aeg
hol hold
mar support par move bur
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru move lvn
ser move bul
spa support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move den
ven move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal support den move swe
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
con support smy
den move swe
fin support swe move nwy
gal support ser move rum
gre support bul
hol hold
lvn move war
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie hold
ruh support hol
ser move rum
smy support con
spa move naf via convoy
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bla convoy con move sev
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gre support bul
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos support rum move sev
naf move tun
nth move ska
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie hold
rom hold
rum move sev
ska support stp/nc move nwy
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tun hold
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
bla convoy con move sev
bot move stp/sc
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move sev via convoy
den support hol move nth
eng support bel
gre support bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
mar move bur
mos support bot move stp
naf move tun
nth support nwy
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sev move arm
ska move den
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
swe support ska move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support ven
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
remove ska
build Army tri
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
bla support smy move arm
bot support mos move stp
bul hold
bur move mar
con move ank
edi move nth
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon support edi move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth move ska
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sev support rum
smy move arm
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
hol move kie
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
apu move rom
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
bot support stp
bul move con
bur support bel
den support swe
eas support syr move smy
eng move mid
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap support tus move rom
nth move den
nwy move swe
ruh support kie move hol
rum support sev
sev hold
ska support nth move den
stp hold
swe support den
syr move smy
tyr move pie
ven support apu move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
bla move ank
bot support swe
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con support smy move ank
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
hel move kie
hol move bel
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud move gal
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
ven support tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank hold
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
boh support gal move sil
bot support swe
bur support bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie move den
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par support bur
pie move ven
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
stp move nwy
swe support kie move den
tun move naf
tyr support ven move pie
tys support nap move rom
ven move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
rom move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move con
apu support nap
bar move stp/nc
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot support swe
bur move mar
con move bul
den support ska move swe
ion support nap
kie move den
naf move tun
nap hold
nth support den
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
rom support tys
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move rom
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bot support swe
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
fin move nwy
hol move nth
ion support nap
kie move den
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move sil
naf support tun
nap support apu move rom
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
ska support den move swe
stp/nc hold
swe support fin move nwy
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support sil move mun
tys support rom move nap
ukr move war
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove fin
remove hol
remove kie
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
den move bal
ion move nap
mar support bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move rom
nwy hold
pie move tus
rom move tus
ser move tri
ska hold
tri move alb
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
bal move pru
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
ion move nap
lon move den via convoy
lvn support war move pru
mar move pie
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ska support nwy move swe
tri move bud
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tus
ven support rom move tus
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move gre
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
gal move sil
ion support nap move tys
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf support tun
nap move tys
nth move hel
pie move mar
pru support gal move sil
rom move tus
ska move nth
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tus
ven support rom move tus
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur support hol move ruh
gal move war
gre support ion
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mun support pru move ber
naf support tun
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc hold
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
