PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move yor
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move apu
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ion
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eng move lon
lvn move pru
sev move rum
tus move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bla
gre move ser
ion move tun
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
par move pic
smy move arm
spa move por
swe move nwy
tus move ven via convoy
ven move tri via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng move iri
mun move kie
pic move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move bla
tun hold
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move sev
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move mid
con move bul
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum support sev move ukr
ser support tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tun move wes
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
ion move tys
mid move wes
mun move ber
nth move edi
rum move ukr
ser support tyr move tri
sev support ukr move mos
ska move den
spa move mar
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bur move mar
edi move nth
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvp move nat
gol convoy tus move spa
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
par move gas
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move mos
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos move war
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move rum
bur move mun
den hold
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move nwy
pie move tyr
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
stp move mos
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys support gol move wes
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
gal move vie
ion move tys
lvn support sev move mos
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move mos
ska move nwy
stp move mos
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud hold
gal move war
ion move nap
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
pie move mar
rum hold
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove fin
remove gal
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move apu
nwy move swe
rom hold
rum move sev
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
ber hold
bul move ser
con move bul
fin move nwy
nwy hold
rom hold
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
stp support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
