PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move bur
nap move gre via convoy
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
ser support gal move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move con
bel move eng
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move gas
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support bud move rum
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move bal
lon move nth
mar support bur
nap move gre via convoy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par support spa move gas
pic support bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy support ank move con
spa move gas
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support gre
bal support pru move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel move pic
bot move stp/sc
bul support smy move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
mar support bur
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bre
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe support bal
tys move gol
ukr support war
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
pic move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb support nap move ion
bal move pru
bar hold
ber move sil
bla move ank
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support pic move par
con support smy move ank
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gre support bul
lvn move war
lvp move nat
gol support pie move mar
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
smy move ank
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tri move bud
tun move wes
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
ank hold
bar move nrg
bla move sev
bre support mid move gas
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move par
con move bul
gal move ukr
gas hold
gre support bul
ion move eas
lvn support sil move war
gol support mar
mid move gas
mos support war
nat move mid
nrg move nat
par hold
pic support bur move par
por hold
pru support lvn
rum support ukr move sev
sil move war
spa hold
stp move mos
swe move bal
ukr move sev
war support mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army/dislodged gas
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
bal move swe
bre support nat move mid
bul hold
con support aeg move smy
eas convoy gre move syr
gal hold
gas support bre
gre move syr
ion convoy gre move syr
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol support mar move spa
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move tys
nrg hold
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por support spa
pru move bal
rum support bul
sev move arm
spa support por
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
war support lvn move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move ank
bal move bot
bre support gas
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support ank
eas support syr move smy
eng support bre
gal support rum move ukr
gas support por move spa
hol support pic move bel
ion move aeg
gol support spa
mid move wes
mos move stp
naf support mid move wes
nrg move nwy
par hold
pic move bel
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy support con
spa hold
stp support nrg move nwy
swe move ska
syr move smy
tyr move mun
tys move tun
war move mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con move smy
arm move ank
bel support bur move pic
bot support mos move stp
bre support wes move mid
bul move con
bur move pic
con move smy
eas support smy
eng move nth
gal move war
hol move kie
kie move den
gol support tys move wes
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nap move tys
nwy support eng move nth
par support bur move pic
sev move mos
ska move nth
smy support arm move ank
spa move por
stp support sev move mos
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre support mid
con support arm move ank
den support bot move swe
iri move lvp
kie move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mun support boh move sil
naf support mid
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil support kie move mun
ska move nwy
smy support arm move ank
stp support ska move nwy
tun move naf
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
war support boh move sil
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bud hold
con move smy
den move bal
eas convoy smy move nap
gal move rum
ion convoy smy move nap
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
nwy move nth
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por move spa
ruh move mun
sil support mun
smy move nap via convoy
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri hold
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur support ruh move mun
eas move aeg
fin support stp
gas move bre
ion convoy nap move alb
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move alb via convoy
nth move edi
par support gas move bre
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support mun
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri move tyr
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bre move wal via convoy
bud move rum
bur move mun
edi move nth
eng convoy bre move wal
fin support stp
gre support ser move alb
hol move hel
ion move adr
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun hold
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move alb
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa move mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move wal via convoy
bul move ser
bur support mun
con support rum move bul
edi move cly
eng convoy bre move wal
fin support stp
gre support bul
hel move den
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvn support mos
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
stp hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support smy move con
alb move ser
bal support ber
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
fin support stp
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move cly
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support kie move mun
sil move mun
smy move con
stp hold
tri move bud
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie move tyr
wal move lvp
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move ank
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bal support ber
ber support mun move sil
boh move tyr
bud support tyr move vie
bur support ruh move mun
cly move edi
con support gre move bul
den move nth
edi support den move nth
fin support stp
gre move bul
iri support lvp
kie move den
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move gal
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove cly
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move con
bal convoy den move lvn
ber move pru
boh support vie
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move ank
den move lvn
edi move nth
fin support stp
gal support boh
ion move aeg
iri support mid move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move eng
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move ion
rom move apu
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
sil support mun move boh
stp support den move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move alb via convoy
vie support boh
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ser
apu move gre via convoy
bal move den
ber move pru
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur support mun
con support bul
eng support nth move lon
fin move stp/sc
gal support war
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
lon move wal
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun support sil
nth move lon
pru move war
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support alb move ser
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army kie
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army ven
remove wal
remove war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bud hold
bul support alb move ser
bur hold
con move bla
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support bud
gre support alb move ser
ion convoy nap move alb
iri support yor move lvp
kie move mun
lon hold
lvn support pru move war
mos support pru move war
mun move boh
nap move alb via convoy
pru move war
rom move apu
rum support sev
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move bud
ukr support rum
vie move bud
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
alb move gre
apu move tri via convoy
arm support bla move sev
bel hold
bla move sev
boh move gal
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bla
gal support rum
gre move bul
iri support lvp
lon hold
lvn support mos
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nth move edi
pru move war
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
tri move vie
ukr support rum
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
