PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support con move bul
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
fin move swe
gas move spa
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move pie
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser hold
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla hold
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den move hel
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move ukr
ska support nrg move nwy
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel move pic
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur hold
eas move ion
fin support stp move nwy
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
hel move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move bur
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tus
ruh move bel
ser support aeg move gre
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie
tun move tys
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eas move aeg
fin move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre move ion
ion move tys
gol support tus move pie
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg support ska move nth
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom support ion move tys
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
ska move nth
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support ser move bud
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bar move nwy
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
ion move adr
lon move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove gol
remove ruh
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla support smy move arm
bre support par move gas
bur support par move gas
den hold
fin move stp
gal support rum
gas move bre
kie move hol
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth hold
nwy support swe
par move gas
rum support gal
ser support bud
sev move arm
smy move arm
swe support nwy
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
gas support bur move mar
hol move bel
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support sev
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie move gol
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet rom
remove swe
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move nth
bla support arm move sev
bud move gal
bul move rum
den support bel move nth
edi move nrg
gal support rum move bud
gas move par
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move nwy
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos support sev
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support gas move par
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
spa move gas
stp support bar move nwy
tri support ven
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
nth move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bud move ser
bur move bel
gal move ukr
gas move bre
kie move mun
lon hold
gol support pie
mos move sev
nth move edi
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support gal move ukr
ska move den
stp support nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move pie
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
remove bur
build Army con
build Army kie
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun
bre move par
bud support rum move gal
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
gal move war
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mar move bur
mun support boh
nth hold
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh support mun
bud support gal
bul move ser
den hold
gal support ukr move war
kie move hel
mos support war
mun support boh
nth support yor move edi
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove den
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move rum
boh support mun
bre support par
bud move gal
bur support par
cly move lvp
con move rum
edi move lvp
gal move war
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mos support lvn move war
mun support boh
nth move edi
par support bur
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre move par
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
edi move lvp
gal support vie move boh
hel move nth
lon support hel move nth
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move bel
par move bur
por move mid
pru move war
rum hold
ser hold
sev support war move mos
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh support gal move sil
bur support sil move mun
cly move edi
con move rum
den move swe
edi move lvp
gal move sil
lvn support stp move mos
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move bre
mos hold
nth support cly move edi
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move spa
pru move ber
ruh support sil move mun
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move par
edi move cly
gal move sil
hol move bel
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp support lvn move mos
tyr move mun
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army con
build Army nap
remove pic
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
con move rum
den support kie
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol support ber move kie
kie support den
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
pru move lvn
rom move tys
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move mos
ven support tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh move mun
den move kie
eng move lon
hol move nth
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
ven move pie
war move gal
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon disband
stp move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move sil
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support yor move edi
mid move iri
mos move stp
nth support kie move den
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe support nwy
ukr move gal
ven move pie
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
bul move rum
den move swe
edi hold
fin move nwy
gal move boh
hol support bel
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mid move nat
mar move bur
nth hold
par hold
pie move mar
rum move gal
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove edi
remove nth
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol move pie
mar move gas
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
rum move ukr
stp move fin
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla move con
bur support gas move par
den support kie
fin move nwy
gas move par
nrg move edi
rum move bud
ser hold
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
ukr move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support ser move tri
ank move arm
ber support kie
bre move eng
con move aeg
den support kie
lon move nth
nrg move edi
ser move tri
ven support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
arm move sev
ber support kie
den support kie
eng move lon
mos move stp
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
ser move tri
stp move fin
swe support nwy
ven support tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove yor
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber support kie
den support kie
ser move tri
sev move mos
ven support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
