PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev hold
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move nwy
ven hold
vie move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move gas
con move aeg
eng move mid
hol support nth move bel
kie move ber
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth move den
pic move eng
pie support tri move ven
rom support ven
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bur move bel
eng move bel
gas move par
gre support aeg move ion
hol move nth
kie move ber
mid move por
mun support kie move ber
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support ven
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
swe support nwy
tys move ion
ven hold
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lon move wal
lvp move iri
mar support por move spa
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move fin
par move gas
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move ser
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
bul move gre
den move kie
eng move wal
fin move nwy
gas support mar move spa
gre move aeg
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por support iri move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move alb
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel move eng
ber hold
den move hel
gas support spa move mar
mid support por move spa
mun support kie
nth move hol
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
ska support swe move den
spa move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur move par
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eng move bre
gas move par
gre move ion
hel move hol
ion move tun
lvp hold
mid move gas
mar move spa
nth support hel move hol
nwy hold
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh move hol
sev hold
sil support mun
ska support den
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur move par
con move aeg
den move hel
gas move mar
hol support nth move hel
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mid move gas
mar move pie
mun support kie move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move swe
rom support ion move nap
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber hold
bre support par move gas
cly move lvp
con move ank
den move hel
gas move spa
gre move bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support gas move spa
mun move bur
nap support aeg move ion
nth support den move hel
par move gas
pru hold
ruh support mun move bur
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
tys move tun
ven move pie
wes support gol move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur support pie move mar
gas hold
hel support kie move hol
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa move gas
nap support aeg move ion
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move bel
sev hold
spa move gas
swe hold
tys support gol
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
bul move gre
bur support mar
cly move edi
gal hold
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par move bre
por move spa
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move nwy
tys support ion move tun
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
remove gas
build Army mos
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri move adr
bel move bur
bul move gre
bur support mar
con support smy
gal hold
hol move kie
ion move adr
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev move bla
smy support con
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun support gol move tys
tys move nap
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre hold
bul support gre
bur move gas
edi support nth move yor
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lon support nth move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap support tys move ion
nth move yor
par hold
ruh support kie move mun
sev move rum
stp move mos
tys move ion
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army/dislodged yor
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army stp
remove tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
alb support adr move ion
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh move sil
bre hold
con move bul
edi move cly
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support bul
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
par hold
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
rom move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support tys move ion
alb move ion
bel hold
bla hold
bre hold
cly move lvp
edi hold
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
ion move nap
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun move ber
par hold
por support gol move spa
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move con
spa hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move rom
wal support cly move lvp
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bul hold
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre support bul
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nap support ven move rom
par hold
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move rom
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
gal move vie
rom move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ion
bel move pic
bla support bul
bre hold
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion move adr
iri move mid
lon hold
lvn move pru
mar support spa
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth move eng
par hold
por move spa/sc
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army stp
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
bla support bul
bre hold
bul move gre
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move bud
lon move eng
mid support eng move bre
mos move ukr
mun move ber
par hold
pic move par
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
sev hold
stp move lvn
ukr move gal
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber support mun
bla hold
bud hold
eng move bre
gal support sil move boh
ion support gre
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid support eng move bre
mun hold
par hold
pic support eng move bre
por move mid
rum support bud
sev move ukr
sil move boh
ukr move war
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
