PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support eng move bel
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
kie move den
mid move bre
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser hold
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support wal move pic
ber move mun
bla support ser move rum
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur move pic
con support smy move aeg
den hold
eng convoy wal move pic
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
mun move boh
nwy move nth
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
con move ank
den move kie
eng hold
gal move vie
hel move den
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mid support eng
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
pic move bur
ruh support bel
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
spa hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tri hold
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
eng move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army smy
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum move sev
bre support mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
eng support bel move pic
gal support vie move bud
iri move mid
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos support arm move sev
mun move bur
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud
smy move arm
spa support mar
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr support arm move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support pie move mar
eng move bre
gal support vie move bud
ion hold
iri move mid
gol support pie move mar
mid support bre
mar hold
mos support sev
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev hold
spa support mar
swe hold
tri hold
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
eng move bre
gal support vie move bud
gre support con move aeg
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support sev
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev hold
spa hold
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
gal move war
nth move edi
spa move por
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
boh move gal
bre hold
bul move rum
den support nth
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hol move yor via convoy
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support den
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nth convoy hol move yor
par support bre
por hold
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support sev
vie hold
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
remove mid
remove nth
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
arm support sev
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bre hold
bud move gal
con move rum via convoy
den move nth
gal hold
iri move lvp
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos support ukr
nwy move nrg
par move bur
por hold
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move bul via convoy
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tyr move boh
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war support gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
den move nth
edi support lon move nth
gal hold
hel support den move nth
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move por
mos support ukr
mun hold
nrg move edi
por hold
rum move gal
sev move ukr
spa support mid move por
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support gal
vie support rum move gal
war support gal
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvp
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support gal
bul move ser
bur support mun
cly move nrg
con move bul
edi support nth move nrg
gal support boh move sil
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon hold
gol move wes
mos support ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth move nrg
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri move vie
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bel move eng
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
cly move lvp
edi hold
gal support boh move sil
gre move ion
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mid support spa move gas
mos support ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth support bel move eng
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa move gas
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr hold
vie move boh
war support ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
sil move ber
tri move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lon
remove pie
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support ukr move gal
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move apu
edi move cly
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion convoy con move apu
kie support mun
lvp support edi move cly
mid hold
mos move ukr
nth move lon
nrg hold
pru support ber
rum support gal move ukr
ser move tri
sev support gal move ukr
sil support ukr move gal
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move gal
vie support tyr move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber support mun
boh support gal
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move bla
gal move rum
gas support mid move bre
ion move tys
kie support mun
mid move bre
mos support ukr move sev
nat move lvp
nrg move nth
par support bre
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support ser move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
remove nat
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support rum
bre support lon move eng
bud support rum
cly move nat
con move bul
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid hold
mar support par move gas
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap support tun move tys
nth move bel
par move gas
pru move war
rom move nap
rum support bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support ven move tyr
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber hold
bla support rum
bre support eng move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas support mar move spa
gre move ion
lvn move pru
mid support spa
mar move spa
mos support sev
nat move lvp
nap support tys move rom
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
tri move vie
tun support gre move ion
tyr support tri move vie
tys move rom
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mid move wes
rom move ven
spa move por
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove por
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move apu via convoy
eng move bre
gal hold
gas move mar
ion convoy con move apu
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support ber
nap hold
rom support nap
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil support gal
spa move por
tun move wes
tyr support vie
ukr support sev
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh support gal move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie
bur move mar
gal move vie
ion move nap
iri hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun hold
nap hold
pru move sil
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie support tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet con
remove iri
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bla support rum
bud support rum
con move aeg
gal support sil move boh
ion move tun
kie move bal
lvp move edi
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support pie move tyr
nap support tys
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru move sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tyr support ven
tys support apu move rom
ukr move rum
ven support apu move rom
vie support tyr
war support gal
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support rum move sev
bal convoy ber move swe
ber move swe via convoy
bla support rum move sev
boh support pie move tyr
bud support vie
gal support sev move rum
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil support gal
tri support tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol move tys
tyr support tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support tyr
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
remove sil
remove war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
gal move vie
kie move hol
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move rum
spa move gas
swe move fin
ukr move rum
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
ven disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
gol move tys
mos move sev
naf move tun
pie support ven
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tyr support ven
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
