PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
bot move swe
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng support ruh move bel
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move alb
hol move hel
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move tri
sev hold
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla hold
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre support aeg
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
mar support por move spa/nc
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move eng
pic move bel
por move spa/nc
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri support ser
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move iri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support mun move bur
bla support bul move rum
bre support eng move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa/nc move gas
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri support ser
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bre support bel move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul support rum
eng support bre
gal support sev move rum
gas support par move bre
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
par move bre
pic support par move bre
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
sil move boh
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
remove stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
bla support sev
bre support nat move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
eng support bre
gal support tri move bud
gas move mid
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mos support rum move sev
nat move mid
par move bur
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri move bud
ukr support rum move sev
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support rum
bre support iri move mid
bul support rum
bur support pic move par
eng support bre
gal support tyr move vie
gas support par move bre
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar move gas
mos support sev
par move bre
pic move par
por support spa
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre move ion
hel move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move tys
par move gas
por support mid move spa/sc
rum support ank move sev
sev support gal move rum
spa move por
tri move tyr
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support par move gas
eng move mid
gal move ukr
ion support tys move tun
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
naf move wes
par move gas
por support mid move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
sil move boh
spa hold
swe move bal
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ukr support rum move gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mos
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support con move sev
bal hold
bla convoy con move sev
bre move eng
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tys
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support por move spa/sc
mun move boh
nth move den
nwy move stp
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rum support con move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
tun support spa/sc move wes
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support bud move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support con move sev
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bur support mar
con move sev
den move swe
eng move bre
iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move wes
pie move mar
rum support mos move ukr
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp move mos
swe move fin
tun move naf
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
remove ven
remove war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur support mar
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move stp
gal move war
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move bre
lvp move yor
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
naf move mid
pie move mar
rum support bud move gal
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
stp move lvn
tys move wes
vie support tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move gal
bre move gas
bur support mar
eng support mid
gal support war
gas move spa/nc
kie move hol
lvn support sil move war
gol support spa/sc
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar support gas move spa/nc
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
por support gas move spa/nc
pru support sil move war
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
swe move den
ukr support war
wes support spa/sc
yor move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove nth
remove nwy
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move gal
bre move pic
bur support mar
con move bul
den move nth
eng support mid
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa/nc
hol move nth
kie move den
lvn support stp move mos
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid support gas move spa/nc
mar hold
naf move mid
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support gas move spa/nc
pru move sil
rum support gal
sev support mos
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bul move ser
eng support mid
gal move war
gas support spa/nc
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/nc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
mun hold
naf move mid
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support spa/nc
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/nc support mid
stp move mos
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move tus
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh move sil
den move nth
eng support mid
gal move war
hol move bel
lon support den move nth
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move spa/sc
mid support spa/nc
mar move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
naf move mid
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/nc
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/nc support mid
stp move mos
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support gal move war
war support stp move mos
wes support mar move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
eng move iri
gal move sil
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support pru move war
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mos support war
naf move mid
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid
pru move war
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support war
war support gal move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
sil move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal support sil
gas support bur
hol move hel
ion move tys
iri support bre move mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru move war
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mos support war
mun hold
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support bre move mid
pru move sil
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng move iri
gal move sil
hel move hol
iri move nat
kie move den
lvn move war
gol support spa/sc
mid move bre
mos support war
naf support wes move mid
nth move hol
pie support mar
por support wes move mid
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support sil move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove stp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support gas
gal move sil
hel move kie
iri support nat move mid
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid hold
mar support por move spa/nc
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil move ber
naf support mid
nat move mid
nap move tys
pie support mar
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre support nat move mid
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
hel move kie
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move bur
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move den
pie move mar
por support mid
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sil move pru
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre support gas
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support bre
gal move sil
hol move nwy
iri support nat move mid
lvp move edi
gol support spa
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth convoy hol move nwy
pie move mar
por support mid
pru move ber
sev move ukr
spa support mar move gas
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre support gas
bul move rum
edi move hol
eng support nat move mid
iri support nat move mid
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support spa move gas
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf support mid
nat move mid
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
por support mid
pru move lvn
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war support mos
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support gas
bur move par
con move bul
edi move hol
eng move mid
iri support eng move mid
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support mid
nat support eng move mid
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
por support mid
pru move ber
rum move gal
spa move gas
ukr move mos
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
bre support gas
eng support nat move mid
gal move sil
hol support ruh move bel
iri support nat move mid
lvn support mos move stp
gol support por move spa/nc
mid move bre
mar support spa move gas
mos move stp
naf move mid
nat move mid
par move bre
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
spa move gas
swe move fin
tyr move vie
tys move nap
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
remove edi
build Army ven
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
eng support mid
fin support stp
gas move bre
hol support bel
iri support mid
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move stp
naf support por move mid
par support gas move bre
por move mid
spa/nc move gas
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
eng support mid
fin support stp
gas move bre
iri support mid
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
naf support por move mid
nrg move nat
par support gas move bre
por move mid
spa/sc support por move mid
ukr move mos
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move gas
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support iri
fin support stp
hol support bel
iri support eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mos move stp
naf support wes move mid
nat support iri
par support mid move bre
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum move bud
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support fin
tun move wes
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
fin support stp
hol move ruh
iri support eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf support wes move mid
nat support iri
nth support eng
par support mid move bre
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
ruh move mun
rum move gal
tys move wes
vie support mun move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ven
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic move eng
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support pic move eng
bud support gal
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal support sil
iri support eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid support pic move eng
mos move stp
mun support boh
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth support eng
pic move eng
por support mid
ruh support kie
sil support ber
tyr support vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war support sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mid move eng
ber move sil
boh support vie
bre support mid move eng
bud move ser
bur move mar
eng support nth
fin support stp
gal move bud
iri support eng
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
nat move mid
nth support eng
par move bur
pic support mid move eng
por support naf move mid
ruh move kie
sil move gal
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
vie hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bre support pic move eng
bud support gal
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
gal support sil
hol move ruh
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid support lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nth support lon move eng
pic move eng
por support naf move mid
ser support bud
sil support ber
tri support vie
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
vie hold
war support gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber support kie
bre support mid move eng
bud support gal
bur move bel
fin move nwy
gal support sil
hol support bel move nth
iri support eng
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
nat move mid
nth support eng
pic support mid move eng
por support wes move mid
ruh support mun
ser support bud
stp move nwy
tyr support vie
ven support tri
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
nth move hel
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bre move eng
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
fin move nwy
hel move den
hol support nth move hel
ion move aeg
iri support nat
lon move eng
mid hold
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat support iri
nap move tys
nth move hel
pic support bre move eng
por support mid
ruh move mun
ser support bud
spa move gas
stp move fin
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven support tri
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun
bud support gal
bul move gre
eng support hol move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gal support war
gas move bre
hel support kie move den
hol move nth
iri support nat
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid support gas move bre
nat support iri
nth move edi
nwy support swe
pic support eng
por support mid
ruh move kie
ser support bud
sil support ber
stp move nwy
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ven support tri
war support sil
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
bud support gal
edi move cly
eng support mid move iri
fin move swe
gal support bud
gre support ser
hel move hol
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move wal
mid move iri
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy support fin move swe
pic support eng
por move mid
rom move tys
ser support bud
sil support ber
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move ser
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ber support sil
boh support mun
bud support ser
cly support iri move lvp
eas support aeg
eng move wal
fin support swe
gal support bud
gre support ser
hol move bel
iri move lvp
lvp support wal
mid support bre
mun support kie
nth move lon
ser support bud
sil support ber
swe support den
tun support ion
tyr support vie
ven support tri
wal support lvp
war support sil
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move nat
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
