PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
con move bla
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support yor move bel
pie hold
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move mar
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
bla support con
bul move con
bur move gas
con support smy
den move kie
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tys move gol
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move ion
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla support smy move arm
bud move rum
bul move con
con move ank
eng support gas move bre
gas support pie move mar
hol move hel
iri move mid
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nth
rum move bul/ec
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bur
remove smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla support ank move arm
boh move sil
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul/ec support sev move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
hel move nth
ion move eas
kie move ber
gol support tun move spa
mid support gas move bre
mar support tun move spa
nth move ska
nwy hold
par support bre
pic support bre
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tun move spa via convoy
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
rum move bud
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move swe
eng support gas move bre
gas move bur
gol move wes
mid support gas move bre
mar support spa
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nwy move ska
par support bre
pic support bre
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sil move pru
ska support den move swe
swe support nwy move ska
tyr move boh
ukr support sev
vie move gal
war hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove mid
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre support por move mid
bud support rum
bur move bel
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal support pru move war
kie move hol
mos support sev
naf move mid
nwy move ska
por move mid
pru move war
ruh support bur move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move nth
spa move por
stp move lvn
swe support nwy move ska
ukr support sev
ven move pie
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bre support por move mid
bud support rum
bul support rum
eng support pic move bel
gal support war
kie move den
lvn support mos move war
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move war
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil support war
ska move den
spa support mid move por
swe support ska move den
ukr move rum
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
den move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bre support por move mid
bul move rum
eng move bel
gal support war
hol support mun move ruh
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth support bel move hol
par move gas
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support war
smy move con
spa support mid move por
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol
boh support sil move mun
bre support por move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bla
gal support war
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move war
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos move sev
nth move edi
par hold
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sil move mun
spa move por
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support mos move sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
remove mid
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
