PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support nth move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ukr move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
fin support nrg move nwy
gal support bud move rum
gas support mar
gre support bul
hol move bel
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
par hold
pie support bur move mar
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe move fin
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove pic
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
bel move pic
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
fin move stp
gas support mar
gre support bul
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie hold
pru move war
ruh support bur
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
smy support con
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move alb
tus support pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel move ruh
bla support rum move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
gas support mar
gre move aeg
lvn support war move pru
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support war
nth hold
par hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bul
sev support rum
smy move arm
swe hold
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove pru
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move smy
bar support stp
bla support con
bud move vie
bul support rum
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move bur
gre move aeg
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move pru
gol hold
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move ukr
sil move gal
swe move bot
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move ion
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bar move nrg
ber hold
bla move sev
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
den move hel
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri support pie move tyr
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove sev
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con move smy
ber move pru
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre support eng move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move gas
mun move bur
nrg move nat
pic move bel
pru hold
ruh move hol
rum support bud move gal
smy support bul move con
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
mid move por
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre move gas
bud support rum
bur support bel
con move ank
eas move smy
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri move eng
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mid move wes
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth support hol move bel
por hold
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
smy move con
stp support lvn move mos
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
con move bul
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove nth
remove sil
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con move smy
bal support stp move lvn
bel hold
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support smy move con
bur move bel
con move smy
eng convoy lvp move bre
gal support rum move ukr
iri convoy lvp move bre
kie support ruh
lvp move bre via convoy
mid move wes
mar move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nap move tys
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
pru move war
ruh support bel
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move lvn
tri hold
tun move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
bal move pru
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre support gas
bud move rum
bul support smy move con
eng support bel
gal move war
gas support mid move spa
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun hold
pru hold
ruh move mun
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc hold
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support bud move rum
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con move smy
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh support mun
bre move gas
bul support smy move con
con move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
gas move mid
kie move mun
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support war
mid move naf
mar support wes move spa
mos support sev
mun hold
ruh support bel move bur
rum support ukr move sev
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war support ber move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bul move con
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
kie move ruh
lvn support mos
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move ber
naf move tun
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum support sev
sev support ukr
sil move ber
smy support bul move con
spa/sc support mar
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gol
spa/sc move wes
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove gol
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support con move smy
bal move bot
ber support ruh move mun
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
edi move nth
gas support por move spa
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move war
mar move pie
mos move war
mun hold
naf move tun
par move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support mos move war
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move eas
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
con move ank
eas move smy
gal move sil
gas move spa
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support war move pru
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support pru move war
mun support sil move boh
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy lon move nwy
pru move war
rum move bud
sev support mos
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tyr move pie
tys support wes move tun
ukr support pru move war
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
remove smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move smy
eas move syr
gal move sil
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support boh move tyr
naf support wes
nwy move stp
rom move tus
sev support ank move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tys support rom move tus
ukr move war
vie support tyr
war move pru
wes support naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
arm move smy
ber move pru
boh support pie move tyr
bot support lvn
bre move par
bud move gal
gal move sil
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
gol support tus move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
pie move tyr
pru support gal move sil
rom move tus
sev support mos
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
syr move eas
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys support rom move tus
vie support bud move gal
war support gal move sil
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move gre
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bud support vie
eas support ion
gal move boh
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support pru
gol convoy spa move tus
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf support tys move tun
nth move ska
par move bur
pie support spa move tus
pru support ber move sil
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil move mun
smy move gre
spa move tus via convoy
stp support lvn
tri move tyr
tun support rom move tys
tus support rom move tys
tys move tun
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
ber support pru
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bud support gal
bur move ruh
eas move ion
gal support war
gre move alb
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mos support war
mun support boh
naf support tun
pie move ven
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support boh
ska move swe
stp move mos
tun support wes move tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom
vie move boh
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support eas move ion
alb move apu
ber support sil
boh hold
bot support lvn
bud support gal
eas move ion
gal support war
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn hold
gol support tys
mos support war
mun support boh
naf move wes
nap support rom
pie move ven
pru support sil
rom support nap
sev support mos
sil support boh
stp support lvn
swe move bal
tri support pie move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven hold
vie support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu support tys move rom
ber support sil
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bud support gal
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
ion support nap
kie move fin via convoy
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support boh
nap support ion
pru support sil
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support boh
stp support lvn
tri support tyr
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu support nap
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh support sil
bot support ber move lvn
bud support gal
bur move mar
gal support war
ion support nap
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move war
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support ion
pru support lvn move war
rom move nap
sev support mos
sil support lvn move war
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support tri
tys support rom move nap
ven support rom
vie support tyr
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
