PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move cly
kie move den
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move boh
par move gas
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
boh support gal move vie
bot move bal
bul move gre
cly move nrg
con move bul
den move swe
gal move vie
gas move spa
kie move mun
pic move bel
rum hold
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support rum
wal move eng
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support par move pic
bla support ukr move rum
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bre
gre support bul move ser
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move spa
rum move sev
ser support rum move bul
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
bla hold
boh support gal move vie
bul support ser
den move nth
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol hold
kie move den
gol move wes
mid support pic move bre
mar move gas
mun move tyr
pic move bre
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
sev hold
spa move mar
swe move nwy
ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move apu via convoy
ber move kie
bla support bul
boh move vie
bre move wal via convoy
bul hold
den move yor via convoy
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support rum move bud
gas support mar move bur
hol move bel
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move nwy
nwy move nrg
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
tyr move ven
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
apu move nap
bel hold
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bul support ser
bur move bel
eng support bur move bel
gal support rum move bud
gas move bre
ion support apu move nap
iri support wal move lvp
kie move hol
mun support ruh move bur
nth support lon
nrg move bar
nwy move nrg
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
bel hold
bla hold
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move apu via convoy
eng support bel
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion convoy con move apu
iri move wal
kie move ruh
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nrg move edi
par support bre move pic
pic move eng
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
stp/nc hold
tri support gal move bud
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven move pie
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move adr
lon move wal
mar support wes move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth support yor move lon
par move bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev hold
tri support gal move bud
tyr move vie
ven move pie
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bar
build Army ber
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Army kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move arm
apu support rom move ven
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla support rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi hold
eng hold
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move wal
lvp move edi
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth support bel move eng
par move gas
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support bud
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
tri support vie move bud
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wal support eng
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu support ven
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
edi move cly
eng support lon move wal
gas move spa
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move edi
mid move spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
nth support eng
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev hold
spa/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven support alb move tri
vie hold
wal move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
France: fleet/dislodged wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move rum
cly move lvp
edi move lvp
eng move bre
hol move bel
ion hold
lvp move iri
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bre
pic move bur
pie move tyr
por support mid move spa
ruh support mar move bur
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven support ser move tri
vie move gal
wal support cly move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy con move tri
aeg convoy con move tri
apu move ven
bel move pic
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bur move par
edi hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move war
gas support wal move bre
ion convoy con move tri
iri support por move mid
lvp hold
gol move mar
mos hold
nth move lon
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support tri move bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc support gol move mar
tyr move pie
ven move pie
wal move bre via convoy
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove pic
build Army smy
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg convoy smy move alb
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bre support bur move par
bud move ser
bur move par
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support lvp move iri
gas support bre
ion convoy smy move alb
iri support mid move eng
kie move hel
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mar hold
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth move lon
par move gas
ruh move bur
rum support tri move bud
spa/sc support mar
tri move bud
tyr move pie
ukr support ank move sev
ven support apu move tri
vie support mun move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move arm
apu support ven
bre hold
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng move iri
gas move spa
hel move nth
ion move tys
iri move nat
lon move eng
lvp support eng move iri
mid move gas
mos support war move ukr
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sil move gal
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc support mar
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move sev
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
iri move wal
mar move gol
ser disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support rum
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng support lvp move wal
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
gre move alb
iri support lvp move wal
kie move hel
lvp move wal
gol support spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nth move lon
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move tus
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc hold
tyr support mar move pie
tys move tus
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
arm move sev
bla support rum
boh move gal
bre hold
bud support ukr move rum
bur move mar
gas support mar move spa
hel move nth
ion move tun
gol support spa/sc
mar move spa
par move bur
pie move tus
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
