PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
fin move swe
ion move gre
lvn move war
mid move por
ruh move bel
rum hold
spa hold
tyr move mun
ukr support bla move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move den
mos move ukr
mun hold
pie move tus
por move mid
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move bla
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
den hold
eng support bur move bel
gas move wal via convoy
hol move bel
ion move tun
mar move bur
mun move ber
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
smy move gre via convoy
tus move rom
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr support bla move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
bre move wal via convoy
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
gal hold
gas move bur
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
kie move ber
mid move iri
mos support war
mun support kie
nap move apu
nwy move nth
rom hold
rum move bla
ser hold
sev hold
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr hold
ven move adr
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu support rom move ven
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move wal via convoy
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ber
mos move ukr
mun move ber
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser support gal move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move ank
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
alb support bul move ser
ank move smy
apu support rom move ven
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support sev move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nwy via convoy
gal support bul move rum
hol support ruh move kie
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ber
mos move ukr
mun move ber
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal support iri move lvp
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
apu support rom move ven
ber hold
bud hold
bul support ser
bur move bel
den move kie
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support ruh move mun
lvp hold
mun support den move kie
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support alb move tri
smy move con
tri support bud
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
bel move ruh
ber hold
bre move pic
bud hold
bul move rum
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gre move ion
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move cly
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
smy move aeg
tri support ser move bud
ven hold
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move ion
ank hold
ber hold
bla move rum
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move gas
cly move nrg
con move bul
eng move nth
gal support rum move bud
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move ber
lon hold
mun support kie move ber
nth move bel
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move bud
sil move boh
tri support ser move bud
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support adr move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
ion move tun
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
hol support pic move bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lon hold
gol move tys
mar support gas move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
ser move alb
sil move boh
tri hold
tun move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel support eng move nth
ber hold
bla move sev
boh hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move ank
edi support hel move nth
eng move nth
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol hold
kie move den
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun hold
nap hold
nwy support eng move nth
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
spa move mar
tri hold
tun move ion
tys hold
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank hold
bel support nth
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
eng move iri
hol hold
kie hold
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth support yor move edi
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move tys
ven support tri
war support pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
ank move arm
bel support nth
ber hold
bud support vie
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
edi hold
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move nat
kie move den
mun hold
nth support kie move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
pie move ven
pru hold
rom hold
ser move bud
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tus hold
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie support tri
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army con
remove hel
remove ion
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den hold
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move bla
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
ion move tun
mar move gol
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
rom move tys
sil support ber move pru
smy move con
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
