PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tus
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move bla
ber hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
ion convoy nap move gre
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa move por
tus move ven
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank move con
bel move ruh
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move smy
edi move yor
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move tys
par move bur
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move bla
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
den hold
eas move aeg
gal move war
kie support nth move den
gol support wes
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nth
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move rum
smy support con move ank
spa move naf via convoy
tun support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
vie move boh
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support smy move con
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mun
den hold
edi move nth
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nth move ska
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
smy move con
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
con move bul
den hold
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie support nth move den
gol move mar
mid move wes
mun move ber
naf support tun
nth move den
nrg move nth
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
rum support bul
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nth move den
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move smy
den move bal
gol move spa/sc
mun move bur
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bal
remove ber
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support con
bur move mun
con support sev move bla
den support ska move swe
fin support yor move nwy
gre support bul
ion support tys
kie move ber
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun support pru move ber
naf support tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil support mun
ska move swe
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tys support gol move wes
vie support tri move tyr
war hold
wes support spa/sc move gol
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
gol move tus
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move ank
boh hold
bot move swe
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bla move ank
den support swe
fin support yor move nwy
gre support bul
kie move ber
gol support tun move tys
mar move pie
mun support sil
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy support ank move con
stp move fin
swe support yor move nwy
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wes support tun move tys
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move smy
boh support mun
bot support stp move fin
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support arm move smy
den move ska
fin move nwy
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support tys
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support stp move fin
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
smy hold
stp move fin
swe support fin move nwy
tus move rom
tyr support pie
tys move tus
war move ukr
wes support tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
bur move mun
con support bla move bul
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
fin move stp
gre move ser
kie move ber
gol move tys
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support swe move fin
pie support tus
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
ska move swe
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus support gol move tys
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
bot move fin
con move aeg
edi move den via convoy
fin support swe move bot
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support stp
mar move pie
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support fin
pie move gol
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
stp support bot move fin
swe move bot
tri support gre move ser
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bot support nwy move stp
den move kie
fin support nwy move stp
ion support tys
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mun move sil
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom support gol move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser hold
smy move con
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus support rom
ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet sev
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
bot support den move lvn
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move lvn via convoy
fin support stp
gal move vie
ion move aeg
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tus
pru support den move lvn
rom support gol move tys
ser hold
sev move arm
sil support mun move boh
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tus move gol
tyr move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
den move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos support war
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri move bud
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move bla
ber support sil move mun
bud support ser move tri
con move aeg
gal support rum
gre support con move aeg
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy support aeg
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu move adr
ber move sil
bla move sev
bud move gal
bul move con
con move bul/sc
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap support ion
nth move bel
par move bur
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support bla move sev
smy support bul move con
tri support vie
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
bla move con
bud move tri
bur move mun
con hold
edi move den via convoy
gal move vie
gre support ser move alb
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pru move sil
rum move ukr
ser move alb
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ser
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
France: army gre
Russia: fleet/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
France: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb move ser
apu support ion
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
con move ank
gal support ukr move rum
gre support ser
ion support gre
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser support ven move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army par
remove vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support con
apu move adr
bud support sev move rum
con support ank
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion move eas
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
par move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support con move smy
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud support ser
bur support mun
con move smy
eas move smy
gre support rum move bul
ion move aeg
mos move ukr
mun support pie move tyr
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bul move con
eas move smy
sev move arm
smy hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
con support arm move ank
eas move smy
smy move con
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove syr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bud hold
bur support mun
con support arm move ank
edi move cly
lon move yor
lvp move wal
tyr support mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
England: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy
bur support mun
tyr support mun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
England: army con
England: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
