PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng support yor move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bur
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bur move ruh
ber move pru
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move ska
par move bur
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev move bla
smy move eas
tri support ser
tyr move mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum
bud move gal
bur support ruh
eas move ion
gal move war
kie move mun
gol hold
mid move wes
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support ser
ser move bud
ska support nth move den
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
bla convoy con move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support bel move ruh
con move rum via convoy
den support hol move kie
edi hold
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
ska move nth
spa move naf via convoy
tun support rom move tys
tyr move mun
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
gal support war
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol support pie move tus
mos move stp
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
sev hold
tri move ven
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move mos
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
boh support vie move tyr
bur move mun
den move lvn via convoy
gal move sil
ion move nap
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move aeg
tri move adr
tun support tys move wes
tus move tys
tys move wes
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
wes support tus move tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bal support pru
boh move mun
bul/ec move con
bur support mun
den support hol move kie
gre support adr move ion
hol move kie
ion move eas
gol support pie move tus
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pie move tus
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
war support mos move lvn
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie support bur move mun
gol support tun move tys
mar support tus move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nwy support stp/nc
pie move ven
rom support tys move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp/nc hold
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tus
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos move lvn
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm hold
bal support pru
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support tys move tus
mar support pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp/nc
pie support mun move tyr
rom support ion move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tus
ukr hold
ven support tus
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bal support kie move ber
boh support tri move tyr
den move kie
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support tus move tys
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil support war move pru
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move tus
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support fin move stp
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bur move mun
fin move stp
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
gol support tys move tus
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tus
ukr move gal
ven support tys move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army/dislodged tus
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support ber
bar support fin move stp
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal support sil
ion support tys
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
swe move bot
syr move smy
tri support tyr move ven
tus support gol move tys
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move rom
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move apu
bal support ber move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot move lvn
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support pru
gol support tys
mos support lvn
mun support tyr move boh
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom support nap
ruh support mun
smy move apu via convoy
tun move naf
tus support tys
tyr move boh
tys support wes move tun
ukr hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pru move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bud support vie
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
ion support rom move tys
lvn move mos
gol support tus move tys
mos move sev
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tys move wes
ukr support lvn move mos
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support sil move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun move sil
boh support pru move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bud move gal
fin move stp
ion support rom move tys
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol support tus move tys
mos support war
mun move sil
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom move tys
sil move pru
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
ukr support mos
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war support pru move sil
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support lvn move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support lvn move pru
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
fin move stp
ion support rom move tys
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
naf hold
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pru move sil
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tri support tus move ven
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ven move tus
ukr move gal
ven move tus
war support pru move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support tri move ven
bal move pru
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh support sil
bot support lvn
gal support war
ion hold
kie support mun
lvn support pru move war
gol support pie
mos support war
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
pie hold
pru move war
rom support ven move tus
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys
tyr support sil move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move rom
ber move sil
boh support sil
gal support ukr move war
ion support rom move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support war move mos
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf move spa via convoy
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pru move bal
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support ukr move war
stp support war move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
war move mos
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support tri move ven
bal move pru
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bot move bal
bur support mun
gal move sil
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn support mos
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
rom support ven move tus
sev move mos
sil support war
spa move gas
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr support war
ven support tyr move pie
war support sev move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support rom
bal support pru
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bur support ruh move mun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move tus
pru support lvn
rom support nap
ruh move mun
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
war support sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support rom
bal convoy kie move pru
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh support sil
bur move mar
gal support war
kie move pru via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support lvn move war
mun support ber move sil
nap support rom move tys
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
sev support ukr
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr support war
ven support pie move tus
war support sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support nap move rom
bal support pru
bar move nwy
bel move pic
ber support ruh move mun
boh support sil
bur support mun
gal support war
ion support rom move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap support rom move tys
par move gas
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev support ukr
sil support tyr move mun
stp support mos
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support pru
ber support ruh move mun
boh support sil
bur move bel
gal support war
ion support rom move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support war
stp support mos
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support ber move pru
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh support sil
bur support mun
gal move war
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth move hol
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sev support war move mos
sil support gal move war
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move par
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn support stp
mos support war
mun support ber
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp support lvn
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war
ven move pie
war support sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh support sil
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru
lvp move iri
mos support war
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war
ven move apu
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support pru
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support sil
bur support bel move pic
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move spa
iri move mid
lvn support stp
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
naf support tun move wes
nth move hol
pie move mar
pru support lvn
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move pru
stp support lvn
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven move tri
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support sil
bre support mid
bur support mar
gal support war
hol move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn support pru
lvp move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mos support war
mun support ber
naf move mid
nap hold
pic move par
pie move ven
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support war
war support mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bre support eng move mid
bur support ruh move mun
eng move mid
gal support war
lvn support pru
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move sil
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par move gas
pie support tys move gol
pru support mun move sil
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support war
war support mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal support war
gas support mid move spa
ion move tun
lvn support sil move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
ber move mun
boh hold
bre support mid
bur support gas move mar
eng support mid
gal support war
gas move mar
ion move tun
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support wes move spa
mos support war
mun move boh
naf move mid
nat support mid
pie support mar
por support wes move spa
pru support lvn move war
sev support mos
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support sil
boh hold
bre support mid
bur support mun
eng support mid
gal support war
gas move mar
lon hold
lvn support pru
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat support mid
pie support mar
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp support lvn
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
bur support mun
den move nth
eng support mid
gal support war
gas move mar
lon hold
lvn support pru
gol move tus
mid hold
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
bur support mun
eng support mid
gal support war
gas move mar
ion support tys
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move mid
nat support mid
nap hold
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support lvn
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
boh move mun
bre support mid
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal support war move sil
gas support bur move mar
ion support tys
lvn support pru move war
mid hold
mun move kie
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat support mid
nth move lon
por support spa/sc move mid
pru move war
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp support lvn
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes
ukr support war
vie move boh
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove tri
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bre support nat move mid
edi hold
eng support nat move mid
gal move war
gas support mar
ion support tys
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn support war move mos
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support gal move war
naf support wes
nat move mid
nap move spa via convoy
pie move mar
por support ion move spa
pru move sil
ruh support kie move mun
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move mar
stp support war move mos
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys convoy nap move spa
ukr support mos
vie move gal
war move mos
wes convoy nap move spa
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
