PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move rom
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support nth move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move gre via convoy
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tri move alb
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul support alb move gre
con support bla move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move bal
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move tun via convoy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
smy move ank
spa move gas
tri hold
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support den move swe
bar convoy lon move stp
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
bur move pic
con support bul/ec
den move swe
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
ion hold
lon move stp via convoy
gol move tys
mid move naf
nth convoy lon move stp
nrg convoy lon move stp
pru support sil move war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
bla support arm move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support pic
con support ank
edi move nrg
gre hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
naf move tun
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support bur
pru move war
ruh support nth move bel
ser support bud move tri
smy support ank
stp move mos
swe move ska
tri move adr
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank support con
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel support nth move hol
bla support bul move con
bul move con
bur support pic
con support ank
den move hel
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion convoy nap move gre
mun support ruh
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic support bur
pru hold
ruh support bel
ser move gre
smy support ank
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
remove mun
remove pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
bud move gal
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
edi move nth
gre move ion
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
ruh support bur move bel
ser hold
ska move den
smy move arm
swe move bal
tun support tys
tyr move ven
tys support ion
ukr move sev
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank hold
apu move rom
arm move ank
bal move ber
bla support ank
con hold
den support hel move nth
gal move rum
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move nap
lon move nth
mid move wes
nap support rom
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev hold
ska support nth move den
smy support arm move ank
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support apu move rom
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
ion move gre
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army edi
remove hol
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu move ven
ber move kie
bul hold
bur support mun
den support ber move kie
gre move ion
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth move den
pie move tus
rom support nap move apu
ruh move hol
rum hold
ska move nwy
smy hold
swe move bal
tri support apu move ven
tys support ion
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move con
apu support rom move ven
bal move swe
bel move hol
bur move mun
con move ank
den support lon move nth
edi move cly
hol move bel
ion support tys
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move den
nwy support lon move nth
pie move tus
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev hold
smy move ank
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr move pie
tys support pie move tus
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol disband
nth move edi
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move adr
ber move sil
bul hold
cly support yor move edi
con move ank
den move ska
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion support apu
kie move den
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support yor move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom hold
sev hold
smy hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tus
ukr move war
ven support mun move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
apu move adr
bal convoy kie move pru
bul move con
bur move mun
cly move edi
con hold
den move ska
edi move yor
gre move ion
ion support apu move adr
kie move pru via convoy
mos support sil move war
mun move tyr
nwy move nrg
pie support mun move tyr
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri support tyr
tun support ion
tus move nap via convoy
tyr hold
tys convoy tus move nap
ven support mun move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
ion support nap
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move bar
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom hold
rum move bul
sev hold
ska move nwy
smy hold
tun support ion
tys support ion
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal convoy den move ber
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move ber via convoy
edi move stp via convoy
gal move bud
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
sev hold
sil move gal
smy hold
tun support ion
tys move rom
ven move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy den move ber
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move smy
den move ber via convoy
edi move stp via convoy
gal move rum
ion move aeg
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move den
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp move mos
tun move ion
tys move nap
vie support mun move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bal convoy den move ber
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move ber via convoy
edi move stp via convoy
gal move ukr
gre move ser
ion support aeg move gre
gol move tys
mos support gal move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support apu move ven
rum move bud
ser support tyr move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move ank
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support pie move ven
bal move swe
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
stp move mos
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
apu support pie move ven
arm move ank
boh move gal
bul/sc support ion move gre
con move ank
eas move aeg
gal move rum
ion move gre
mid move wes
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar convoy edi move stp
boh support gal move vie
bud support tri move vie
con support smy
edi move stp via convoy
gal move vie
gre move aeg
ion move gre
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move stp
rom move nap
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
arm move ank
bud support vie
bul/sc move con
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move hol via convoy
hol move bel
mos move sev
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm move ank
con support arm move ank
eas support aeg move smy
hol move kie
gol move tys
par move pic
smy move con
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support syr move arm
arm move ank
bar move nrg
con support arm move ank
eas support smy
gre move aeg
iri move wal
kie move ruh
mos move sev
nat move iri
nrg move nat
sev move arm
syr move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
