PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move cly
kie hold
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
smy move arm
stp/sc move lvn
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
cly move nrg
eng move lon
gal move rum
ion move tun
lvn move bot
pic move bel
rom move ven
ser hold
sev move bla
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wal move iri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul hold
con move aeg
mar move pie
nap move apu
par move bur
rom support nap move apu
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move mos
spa move por
tun move ion
ukr move sev
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
apu move adr
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
eng move iri
gal move boh
gre hold
ion support apu move adr
mos move stp
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move arm
bla hold
boh move tyr
bul move con
bur move ruh
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion support adr move alb
iri move lvp
mar move gol
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa
rom move ven
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
con move bul
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
gol move wes
pie move tyr
rom move apu
ruh support hol move kie
ser support gre
stp move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu move tri
bla support bul move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support aeg move ion
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gre
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ven move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
ion move gre
mos support sev move ukr
nth move edi
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
sev move ukr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
bul move ser
con move aeg
edi move nth
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie move ber
ruh move kie
rum move bud
sev move ukr
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
alb move ser
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul support alb move ser
con move smy
den move swe
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move bud
spa move mar
tri move bud
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move gal
vie support tri move bud
wal move lon
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move sil
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
ion move tys
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth support swe move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
rom support adr move ven
ser move tri
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Turkey: army/dislodged nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
ion move tys
mun support tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support ven
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
vie support tri
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
