PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move ven
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
tri hold
ukr move rum
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
lvp move wal
mos move lvn
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev hold
swe hold
tri move adr
ukr hold
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
boh move mun
gre support ser move bul
lon move den
nth convoy lon move den
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska support lon move den
tri move ven
wal move iri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul move rum
den move kie
gre move ser
iri move mid
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mun move bur
nth move hel
sev move arm
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
ber move kie
bur support pie move mar
den move kie
hel move hol
ion move tun
mid move por
nth support hel move hol
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move boh
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur hold
den move kie
gal support sev move rum
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mun support hol move kie
nth support lon move eng
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
ven move apu
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move nap
arm move sev
ber support sil move mun
bud support vie move gal
bur move par
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas support bur move par
hol move bel
ion support apu move nap
iri move mid
kie hold
mun move boh
nth support hol move bel
rum support vie move gal
sev move ukr
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
swe move bot
tri move vie
ukr move mos
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove bot
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move mid
bud support gal
edi move nwy
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie support boh move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos support rum move ukr
mun move sil
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
swe move bot
tri move adr
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bur move mar
eng move bel
gal support bud move rum
gas hold
iri move mid
kie support boh move mun
lvn support war move mos
mid move wes
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic move bre
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
spa/sc support mid move wes
tun hold
ukr move sev
vie support gal
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move tri
edi move bel
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support ber move sil
gas move spa
ion support tun
kie support sil move ber
lon move bre
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar support gas move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy edi move bel
rum move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
tri move adr
tun hold
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie support gal
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support con
bre move par
bul support smy move con
gal support vie move boh
ion support tun move tys
kie support bal move ber
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move con
spa hold
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
tys move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support tys move nap
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul support smy move con
bur move mun
edi move nwy
eng convoy lon move bel
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvp move iri
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support spa
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
por move spa/sc
pru hold
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
spa support mar
stp move lvn
tun support nap move tys
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu support tys move nap
boh support mun
bur move mun
con hold
gas move mar
ion support tys move nap
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
lon move hol
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
pru move ber
ser move alb
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move lvn
tun support nap move ion
tys move nap
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
