PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bla support con move bul
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth support edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move bul
spa move mar
tri hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support bul move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
smy move arm
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
arm move bul via convoy
bla convoy arm move bul
boh move sil
bud support ukr move rum
bur support pic move bel
den move hel
gre support arm move bul
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar support bur
mun support ruh
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum support arm move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc support gol move wes
tys move ion
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support bel
den hold
edi move lvp
gre hold
hol support ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth move hel
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
ska move swe
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
tyr hold
tys move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support rum
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur support bel
den support bot move swe
eas move ion
gre move ser
hel support nth move den
hol support ber move kie
ion support alb move gre
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support gre move ser
ser support alb move gre
stp move lvn
tyr move ven
tys move tun
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
den move ska
ion move alb
ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb hold
bal move pru
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support gre move ser
bul support ion move gre
bur move bel
den support hel move kie
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol support bur move bel
ion move gre
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mun support kie
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support ser
ser support ion move gre
swe move bot
tri support gre move ser
tyr move ven
tys move tun
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support nap move ion
bel support hol
bla move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
den support edi move kie
edi move kie via convoy
gre hold
hel support nth move hol
hol support bel
kie support hol
lvn hold
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support kie
nap move apu
nth move hol
pic move bel
rum support bla move sev
ser hold
spa/sc move por
tri support ser
tys move tun
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove pru
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move adr
bel support bur move ruh
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move bal
gre support con move bul
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
kie support hol
lon move nth
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
tun move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
arm hold
bal move ber
bel support hol
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
den move kie
edi move lvp
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support con move bul
hel move hol
hol support bel
iri hold
kie support hol
mid move naf
mos move war
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
pic support ruh move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
tyr move pie
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum move ser
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre hold
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun move ber
naf move tun
nat move nrg
nth support edi move nrg
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support mar
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
kie move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bel move hol
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
hel support bel move hol
ion move tun
iri hold
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move pie
naf move tun
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
nrg hold
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
ion move eas
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
gre move ion
hel move kie
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp move edi
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nat hold
nwy move nth
ser support bul move rum
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc support bur move mar
tri hold
war support mos move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
edi move den via convoy
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie move hel
gol move mar
nap move rom
nrg hold
por support gas move spa
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy hold
spa move gas
tri move ven
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes support gas move spa
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
gal move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
remove nat
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber support yor move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
hel hold
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap move ion
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun support wes move tys
ven move adr
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tys
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy bul move nap
bal move bot
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move nap via convoy
bur move mun
hel support ber move kie
ion convoy bul move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
nth move den
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie support tyr move ven
rom support bul move nap
ser move tri
sev move ukr
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet con
remove edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move rum via convoy
bar support fin move stp
bel support hol
bla convoy ank move rum
bot support fin move stp
bur move mun
con move aeg
fin move stp/sc
hel move kie
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move ber
mos move war
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
pie support ven
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa move nap via convoy
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys convoy spa move nap
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move boh
wes convoy spa move nap
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
ven disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar support stp/sc
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move sil
gre support eas move ion
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvn move pru
mid move naf
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
rum move gal
spa move gas
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support wes move gol
ven support tus
war support lvn move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bar support stp/sc
bel support hol
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support pie
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
pru hold
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move arm
tri move tyr
tus support ion move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ven move pie
war support pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move sev
bal move den
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bur move mun
gre move alb
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move bal
gol move tus
mar support pie
mun hold
nap support tys
nth move hel
nwy move stp
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh move kie
sil support mun
stp/sc move bot
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move mos
ven support rom move tus
war support pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move adr
bal support ber
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support kie
hel support kie
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos move stp
nap move tys
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh move mun
sev hold
sil support mun
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support tus move pie
war support pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg hold
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
gas support mar
hel move kie
ion support tun
kie support ber
lvn move pru
gol hold
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf move tun
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ven move pie
war support mos move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move bot
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
