PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa support mid move por
tri move bud
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bre support par move pic
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
gal move boh
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie move mun
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support mar move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move ank
bal move den
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul/sc support alb move gre
con hold
gal move bud
gas move bur
hel move hol
hol support pic move bel
kie support hel move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar support gas move bur
mos move sev
mun support ber
nth support hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul/sc
sev move bla
tri support bud move vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur move mar
den support hol move kie
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move kie
kie support hel move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move bel
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
tun move spa via convoy
tus move gol
tyr support mar move pie
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul/sc support aeg move con
con move smy
den hold
gal support boh move vie
hel support kie move den
hol move ruh
kie move den
gol move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pie support tyr move ven
rum support bud
ser move bud
spa support gol move mar
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
wes support spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support ruh move kie
bla support ank move con
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc move aeg
con move smy
den move swe
gal support bud
gas support pie move mar
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie support hel move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth hold
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move por
tri move bud
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move bul/sc
kie move ber
mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
ber move pru
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul/sc support aeg move con
con support rum move bul
gal move bud
gas support mar move spa
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
gol support wes move spa
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth support bal move den
pie move mar
por support gol move spa
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move ank
swe hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla support rum move bul
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
con support rum move bul
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol support por move spa
mid support spa
mar support spa
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
por move spa
pru move war
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc move gre
smy move ank
spa support mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tus move pie
ukr support gal move war
ven support tus move pie
vie move tri
wes support por move spa
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move ank
bla support bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
bur support mar
con support bul
den support bot move swe
gas move mid
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
kie hold
gol support por move spa
mid move por
mar support spa move gas
mun support pru move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ser move bul
smy hold
spa move gas
swe move nwy
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war hold
wes support por move spa
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mos
remove mun
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gas support mar move spa
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev move arm
smy hold
spa support pie move mar
swe hold
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser disband
tri disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal hold
ber hold
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support spa move mar
con support arm move smy
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas support spa move mar
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move mun
gol support mar
mid support por move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos move stp
nrg move nth
nwy support mos move stp
pie support mar
por support spa
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
smy move ank
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move ven
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
ber hold
bla move con
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
gas move spa
gre hold
kie move ber
gol support mar
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pie move ven
por support gas move spa
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
ber hold
bot hold
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
gre hold
ion move nap
lon move yor
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa
mar support wes move spa
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move tus
por support spa
pru move ber
rom hold
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy hold
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove nap
remove pru
build Fleet sev
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
boh move tyr
bot hold
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mar
gal move vie
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support gol move spa
nth convoy yor move hol
por support spa
rom move nap
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move con
spa support bur move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven move rom
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur move mar
den move lon via convoy
edi move wal
eng hold
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
iri hold
gol support mar
mid support spa
naf move tun
nap hold
nth convoy den move lon
nwy move nrg
por support spa
spa support bur move mar
tys support gre move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
