PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move bel
den hold
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move arm
tri move ser
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move ven
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move bel
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nap support alb move ion
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move bul
smy move eas
spa move por
swe hold
ukr move sev
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gre support bul
hol hold
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move swe
por hold
pru move lvn
rum support bul
sev move rum
tun hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support lon move hol
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support alb move gre
con move bul
gre move ser
hel support ruh move kie
lon move hol
lvn move war
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support kie move mun
den move bal
gre move aeg
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support gre move aeg
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
nth move den
ser support bul
sev support lvn move mos
sil move boh
ska support nth move den
spa move naf
swe support nwy
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bal
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove pru
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel hold
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie move bal
lon hold
gol move tus
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
pie move tus
pru move bal
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
ska support den move swe
spa hold
stp move mos
tyr hold
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
swe move bot
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bur support mun
con support aeg move smy
hol move ruh
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn move war
gol convoy spa move tus
mos support lvn move war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support bot move swe
pie support spa move tus
pru move bal
rum move sev
sev support mos
ska support swe
spa move tus
stp move lvn
swe hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support rum move sev
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
remove nwy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
boh move mun
bud move rum
bur support mun
con move ank
den move kie
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move nwy
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support mar move gol
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move swe
spa/sc support gol move wes
swe move fin
tyr support ven move pie
tys move rom
ukr support sil move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move eng
boh move sil
bur support mun
con move smy
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
kie move ber
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support ukr move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support rom move tus
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
edi move den
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move bot
kie move ber
lon move bel
gol move tys
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf support wes move tun
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pie hold
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
smy move ank
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus support tys
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven support pie
vie move gal
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm support smy move ank
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support den move lvn
bur support mun
den move lvn
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas move mar
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
naf support tun
nth hold
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move sev
sil support boh move mun
smy move ank
stp move mos
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ukr move mos
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
gal move boh
gas move mar
ion support tys move tun
lon move hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun hold
naf support tun
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
pie support gol move mar
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun support wes move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa/sc
tys move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
con move bul
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion support rom move tys
lvn hold
gol move pie
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support ber
naf move wes
nap move apu
nth move hol
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support lvn
tun support tys move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
war support mos move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
mar move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove mos
remove naf
build Fleet nap
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support mun
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol move nth
ion support wes move tys
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol support rom move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mun hold
nap hold
pie support spa/sc move gol
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu support nap
bal support kie move ber
bud move ser
bur move mar
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn support pru move war
gol support rom move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support vie move tri
tys support pie move tus
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
tys move tun
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal move den
ber move sil
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
tri support tyr move ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support rom move tus
ven hold
war move ukr
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
ber hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den move nth
hol hold
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie hold
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sil support war move gal
tri support bud move ser
tus support gol move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move smy
ber move sil
boh support tyr move vie
bud move gal
bul support ser move gre
con support ank move smy
eng hold
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lon move hol
mid move naf
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
ser move gre
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
tus support ven move rom
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
ber support ruh move mun
boh move vie
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bla
eng move bre
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ruh move mun
mid move por
naf move tun
nap support tus move rom
nth support hol move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev support rum
sil support ruh move mun
smy hold
tri support bud move vie
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
