PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu support ven
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move war
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri move vie
tyr move pie
ven hold
war move sil
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
apu move ven
ber hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
mar move gol
mos move war
nap move ion
nth move hel
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru hold
ser move bul
sil move boh
smy move eas
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move wes
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
apu move rom
bel support hel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur move mun
con move bul
gal support rum
gre support con move bul
hel support kie
hol move hel
ion move aeg
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy hold
pru hold
rum support con move bul
ser support alb move gre
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move eng
boh move mun
bre support bel move eng
bud move gal
bul support gal move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
eas move ion
fin support swe
gal move rum
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon move wal
mid move iri
mar move pie
nth support nwy
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser support gre
tri move alb
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
ber move kie
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move war
gre hold
hel support kie move hol
hol move hel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mun support den move kie
nap hold
nth move lon
pie move ven
pru support gal move war
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa move mar
tun move tys
tys support ion move nap
vie move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove nth
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
fin support swe
gre support con move bul
hel support hol
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move rom
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy move eas
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys support aeg move ion
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support con move gre
con move gre
den move kie
eas support gre move ion
fin support swe
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar move spa
nth support hol move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
tri move vie
tus move ven
tys move tun
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove tun
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bel move pic
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
eas support ion
edi move nrg
eng convoy wal move bre
fin support swe move nwy
hel move den
ion support bul move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth move ska
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support con move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil move pru
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move mun
vie move bud
wal move bre via convoy
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
gre move ser
ion move adr
mid support spa move por
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum support mos move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa move por
stp/nc support nth move nwy
tys move tun
ukr support bud move rum
wal move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move alb
aeg support ion
alb hold
apu move ven
bar convoy yor move stp
bud support ser
bul move ser
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move stp
nrg convoy yor move stp
nwy support yor move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move gal
ser support alb
sev move rum
swe move bot
tun move wes
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
yor move stp via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Austria: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bar support stp
ber move pru
bot support stp
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support alb move ser
bur support ruh move bel
den move bal
gal move vie
hol move den via convoy
ion move nap
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy hol move den
nrg hold
nwy hold
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
spa support gol move mar
tri support ser
tun move wes
tyr support adr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
bal convoy stp move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bot convoy stp move ber
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move gas
con move bla
den move kie
eng move wal
gas move bur
gre move alb
iri move lvp
mar support spa
mos move war
nap move rom
nth move yor
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pru move sil
ser support vie move bud
sev move arm
spa support bur move gas
stp move ber via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tyr support adr move tri
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
gas move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
alb support ser move tri
ank move sev
bal move pru
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move lvn
bud support rum
bul move ser
eng support wal move lon
gal support tri move vie
gas move spa
hol move kie
kie support nth move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par support mid move bre
rum support ank move sev
ser move tri
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tyr move ven
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move bel
sev move arm
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gal
remove mar
remove mos
remove por
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ion
ank support con move smy
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum move sev
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
con move smy
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvn move stp/sc
lvp move cly
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
par support mun move bur
por move spa
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank support smy move arm
apu move rom
arm move smy
bre support pic move par
bud move vie
bur support par
cly move edi
eng support lon
ion move tun
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support bel
nwy support stp/sc
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil move gal
smy move arm
tri support bud move vie
tyr move ven
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move syr
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
remove mid
remove par
remove syr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support nth move eng
bla support sev move rum
bre move par
bur support bel
cly move lvp
con move bul
edi move cly
eng support lon
gal move rum
ion move tys
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pic support mar move bur
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move ven
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
eng move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move sev
apu move nap
bel hold
bla convoy ank move sev
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng support bel
gal move vie
gas move bre
mun hold
nrg move nat
par support bur
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support mun
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr support bul move rum
vie move bud
wal support lon
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move rum
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
cly support nat move lvp
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move sil
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid move eng
nat move lvp
par support bur
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum move bud
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support rum move bud
wal move lon
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bud move gal
lvp move iri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
cly support lvp
gal move boh
iri move nat
kie move hel
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support hol
rum move gal
ser move bud
sil support mun
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move pru
wes move mid
yor support lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur move ruh
cly support lvp
con move bul
edi move nrg
hel support ruh move hol
hol move nth
ion move tys
mid move iri
mun support sil
nat move nrg
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil support mun
smy move aeg
tyr support vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support boh move sil
wes move mid
yor support lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move tus
boh support bur move mun
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly support lvp
con move tus
edi move nrg
gal move war
hel move kie
ion convoy con move tus
iri support wal move lvp
mid support eng
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
nat support wal move lvp
nth support hol
pic support bel
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
tys convoy con move tus
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
war move lvn
yor support lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove stp/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support vie move gal
bre move eng
eng move iri
gal move war
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn support war move pru
lvp move cly
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nat support lvp move cly
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
ser move tri
sil support ber
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support tus move pie
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support bur move mun
bre move pic
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng convoy bel move lon
hol move kie
iri support lvp
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support nat move cly
mid support eng
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
nat move cly
pru support mun move ber
ruh support hol move kie
tyr support bur move mun
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army/dislodged cly
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
