PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move swe
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa move por
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move bre
por move spa
rum support gre move bul
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move wes
tyr hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
bar support fin move stp
bel hold
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre move lon via convoy
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy bre move lon
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
gol move tys
mos hold
mun hold
nth hold
nwy move swe
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
spa move naf via convoy
tri move ven
tyr hold
ukr move war
vie support tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bla move sev
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol hold
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
rom support tyr move ven
rum support tri move ser
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move con
stp support sev move mos
tri move ser
tun move tys
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move war
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
ser move alb
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel hold
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move nap
lon support hel move nth
lvn move mos
mos support rum move ukr
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rom support tyr move ven
rum move ukr
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy hold
stp support mos
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support lvn move mos
vie move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army mar
remove stp
remove tyr
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bel hold
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi hold
gre move ion
hol hold
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos support rum move ukr
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nap support gre move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev move bla
smy move arm
tri move alb
tun move apu via convoy
tys support ion
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move tri
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move con
bud support rum move gal
bul/sc move aeg
den move swe
eng move lon
hol hold
ion support apu move nap
mid hold
mos support ukr move war
nat move iri
nap support rom
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom support nap
rum move gal
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr move war
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel hold
bre move eng
bud support tri
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
eas support aeg move ion
edi move cly
gal move sil
hol hold
ion hold
iri move lvp
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap move apu
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom hold
sev move ukr
sil move boh
ska move swe
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie support tri move tyr
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel hold
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur hold
con move aeg
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
eng hold
hol hold
ion hold
lvp support nth move edi
mid hold
mun move ber
nth move edi
pie support apu move ven
rom support apu move ven
sil support vie move boh
stp move fin
swe hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion
ukr move gal
ven move adr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support aeg move ion
edi move cly
eng hold
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol hold
ion hold
kie support ber
lvp support edi move cly
mid hold
mar move gol
mun hold
par move bur
pie support ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support ven
sev move mos
sil move ber
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ven support mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber hold
bur move mun
cly move edi
den move swe
eas support aeg move ion
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move apu
iri move nat
kie move mun
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid support eng move iri
mos move stp
mun support tyr
pie move tyr
pru support sil
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bel move hol
sil support mun
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu
apu support ion move nap
bud move vie
bur move mun
eas move ion
edi move nth
fin move nwy
hol support ruh
ion move nap
iri support mid move nat
lvp hold
mid move nat
mun support pru move ber
nat move nrg
nap move apu
pie hold
pru move ber
rom support nap move apu
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
stp support fin move nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu support nap
ber support kie
boh move mun
eas move ion
hol move kie
iri move eng
lvp move edi
mun support pie move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp move fin
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support tus move ven
ruh support hol move kie
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom
vie support tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
ank move arm
apu move adr
ber support kie
bud move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
edi hold
eng move nth
fin move swe
hel support eng move nth
hol hold
ion support nap
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mun support kie
nap support ven move apu
nwy support fin move swe
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
sil support mun
smy move eas
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr support adr move ven
tys support tun
ven move apu
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
apu support tri move ven
arm move sev
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
eas support ion
edi move nwy via convoy
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support nap
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
rom support apu move nap
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support rom
ven move adr
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support nap move rom
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
hel support edi move den
ion move tys
kie support edi move den
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support swe
par move pic
pie move ven
rom support apu move nap
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support mun
stp move fin
swe support den
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support ven
tys support rom
ven support nap move rom
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move ven
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
eas support ion
edi move den via convoy
fin support nwy
gal move war
hel support edi move den
ion support nap
kie support nth move den
mos move stp
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil support mun
swe support den
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support ven move pie
tys support rom
ven move pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support ion
alb support ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support ion
edi hold
fin support swe
hel support kie move den
ion support tri move apu
kie move den
mar move pie
nap move rom
nth support kie move den
nwy support swe
rom support tys move nap
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support den
tri move apu via convoy
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie
tys move nap
ven move tus
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move rom
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
eas support ion
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support swe
gal move war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
mar move pie
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe move den
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support ven
tys support nap
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move rom
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move eng
bur support kie move mun
den support edi move kie
eas support ion
edi move kie via convoy
fin support swe
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
mar move gol
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move kie
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support pie move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tus support apu move rom
tyr support ven
tys support nap
ven support apu move rom
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
alb support ion
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
eas support ion
eng move nth
fin support nwy
hel support kie
ion move nap
gol support pie
nap support tun move ion
nth move ska
nwy support swe
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr move pie
tys support nap
ven support tyr move pie
war support sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move eng
bur support kie move mun
den support edi move swe
eas move ion
edi move swe via convoy
fin support swe
hel move kie
ion move gre
kie move mun
gol move tus
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move swe
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
ska convoy edi move swe
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support nap move rom
ven move pie
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
rom move apu
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb support adr move ion
apu move rom
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
den support ska move swe
edi hold
eng move nth
fin support swe
gre hold
hel move kie
ion move tun
kie move mun
gol support rom move tys
mar move pie
nap support apu move rom
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
ska move swe
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tus support apu move rom
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ven support apu move rom
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support bul/sc move gre
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move eng
bul/sc move gre
bur support kie move mun
den support ska move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy
gre move aeg
hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nap support rom
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
ska move swe
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support pie
tys move tun
ven support tus
war move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ion
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
den support swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
fin support nwy
gre support alb move ion
hel move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support stp
gol move tys
mar move pie
nap support ion move tys
nth support edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy hold
pru support ber
rom support tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
ven support pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bur move mun
den support swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy
gre support alb move ion
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy hold
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp support nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tyr support mun
ven support pie
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support nap
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
fin support nwy move stp
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn support nwy move stp
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
ska support edi move nwy
stp move mos
swe support edi move nwy
tun support tys
tyr support mun
tys support rom move nap
ven support tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove tus
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support gre move ion
apu support nap move rom
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur move mun
den move swe
eng move nth
fin support stp
gre move ion
ion move nap
lvn support stp
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie support rom move tus
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
ska support den move swe
stp support fin
swe move bot
tun support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven support rom move tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move rom
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support nwy move fin
bur move mun
den move bal
fin move nwy
ion support nap move tys
kie hold
lvn support stp
mar move pie
mos support stp
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
pie support rom move tus
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support mun
ska support nth move nwy
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tun move ion
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu move nap
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
bot support swe move lvn
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move bul
fin move stp
ion support tys move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp
gol support tun move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp
nwy support fin move stp
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support kie
sil support mun
ska move den
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move lvn via convoy
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Turkey: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
tun move naf
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support eas move ion
bal support lvn move pru
bar support stp
ber support mun
bot move lvn
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move pru
gol support wes
mid support wes
mar move pie
naf move tun
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp support bot move lvn
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
war support mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
ank move arm
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
ion support tun
kie support pru move ber
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun move bur
naf support wes
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sil support ber
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support sil
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
arm move sev
bal support pru
bar support stp
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support sil
bur support mun
den hold
gal support sil
ion support tun
kie support mun
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mun support ber
naf support wes
nap move rom
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support ber
sil move pru
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tun support gol move wes
tus support pie
tyr support boh
tys support gol move wes
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar support stp
ber move lvn via convoy
boh support sil
bre move eng
bur support mun
den move nth
gal support sil
ion support tun
kie support mun
gol hold
mid support wes
mar hold
mun hold
naf support wes
nwy move ska
par move pic
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil hold
spa/sc support mar
stp support ber move lvn
tun support tys
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support sil
wes support naf
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support lvn
bar support stp
ber hold
boh support sil
bur support mun
eng convoy pic move swe
gal support sil
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
naf support wes
nth convoy pic move swe
pic move swe via convoy
pie move mar
sev support mos
sil support boh
ska convoy pic move swe
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tun support gol move wes
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr support war
ven support pie
war support sil
wes hold
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal convoy swe move ber
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support sil
bur support mun
eng move nth
gal support sil
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support ber move pru
gol support tys
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun support swe move ber
nth move hel
pie move mar
sev support mos
sil support ukr move war
ska move swe
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn
swe move ber via convoy
tun support tys
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol
ukr move war
ven support tyr
war move lvn
wes support naf
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion
bal support pru
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bur move mun
gal support sil
ion support tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun move sil
naf support wes
nth move nwy
pru support stp move lvn
sev support mos
sil support boh
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
swe hold
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven support pie
war support sil
wes hold
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion
bal support lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
boh support sil
bur support mun
gal support sil
hel support kie
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf support wes
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus support gol
tyr support boh
tys support gol
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support sil
wes support naf
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
