PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng support pic move bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon hold
nap move tun
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
smy hold
ukr support rum
ven move tri
war move gal
yor support lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tun move gre
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal move vie
ion convoy tun move gre
lon support edi move nth
mar move spa
nap move tys
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move vie
tun move gre
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon hold
lvn move bal
mun move ber
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move gre
spa move por
tri move vie
tun move tus
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move tyr
yor support lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move gre
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support gal move vie
bre move par
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol support ber move kie
ion move adr
kie hold
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
ser support tri move bud
smy move gre
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move gol
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg hold
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support vie
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
den hold
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move ska
pru support sil move ber
ser move bud
sil move ber
smy move con
spa hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr support tri move vie
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
ank move con
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon support nth
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska support nth move nwy
smy move ank
spa support mar
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr support bud move vie
tys support alb move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move smy
ber hold
boh support vie
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support aeg
den hold
gal support vie
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support ruh move kie
nth move nwy
par move bur
pru support ber
ruh move kie
ser support bul move gre
ska support kie move den
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move ion
ven move apu
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move con
apu move ven
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
gal support vie move bud
gas move par
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move ber
mun support tyr move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
ser support vie move bud
ska move swe
smy hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys move nap
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank hold
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support mun move sil
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
con move smy
den hold
gal move boh
gre hold
ion move eas
kie support mun move ber
gol move tys
mid move nat
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support gal move boh
smy move con
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ser
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
apu move adr
bar support nth move nwy
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bud move gal
bur support mun
con move smy
eas move aeg
gre hold
ion move alb
mun support tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
pru move bal
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp/sc hold
swe support nth move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move swe
bar support edi move nwy
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eas move aeg
edi move nwy
gal move war
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mun move tyr
nth support edi move nwy
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
swe move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
bur hold
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nwy
ion support gre
kie move ber
mar move pie
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth support edi move nwy
nwy move ska
ruh support kie
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move ukr
sil support mun
ska support edi move nwy
smy support aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy move ska
tri hold
tyr support mun
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support smy move eas
apu support ven
arm hold
ber move kie
bot move bal
bul/sc support aeg
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi hold
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie move den
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
sil support mun
ska support nth move nwy
smy move eas
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
nwy move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove rum
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven
bal convoy lvn move kie
bar move nwy
ber support lvn move kie
boh support mun
bul/sc support ser move gre
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
edi move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
lon move nth
lvn move kie
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support lvn move kie
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
sil support ber
ska support nwy move swe
swe move den
syr move smy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
ion move tys
swe move fin
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg support arm move smy
alb move tri
apu move tri
arm move smy
bal support nwy move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul/sc move con
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
edi move nwy
fin support nwy move swe
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion hold
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support edi move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
ska support edi move nwy
smy move con
swe hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
swe move bot
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
remove eas
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion
alb support adr move tri
ank move con
bal convoy lvn move kie
ber support lvn move kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul/sc move gre
bur support kie move mun
con move bul
den support bot move swe
edi move nwy
fin move bot
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move mun
lvn move kie
mun support lvn move kie
nth move nwy
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil support ber
ska support bot move swe
smy hold
swe move den
tun support tys move ion
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support kie
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move yor
fin support stp
gre support ion
ion hold
kie hold
mun support kie
nwy support swe
rom move ven
ser move tri
sil move pru
ska support swe
smy hold
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr support mun
ven support ser move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
remove smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support tys move ion
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
bul support gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
fin support stp
gre support ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
kie hold
nap support tys move ion
nwy support swe
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser move tri
ska support swe
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri support rom move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr support ser move tri
tys move ion
ven support ser move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
tri move adr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move gre
bal convoy lvn move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot support stp
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
fin support stp
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
kie support lvn move den
lvn move den
mun support kie
nap support tun move ion
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
ska support swe
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support mun
ven support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
gre move bul/sc
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nap
remove smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support bot move swe
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul/sc hold
den support bot move swe
eas move ion
fin support bot move swe
kie hold
mun move ruh
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
ser support tri
ska move den
stp move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support gre
bal support swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support kie
fin move bot
gre support alb
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie support mun move ruh
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
ruh support hol move kie
ska support nth move den
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
den move kie
fin support mos move stp
gre support alb
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion hold
kie move ruh
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
rom move nap
ruh support hel move kie
ser move alb
ska support nth move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move bud
tyr move ven
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion
alb support adr move tri
bal support ska move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support den move kie
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move kie
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gre hold
hol support kie
ion support nap
kie hold
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh support kie
ser move tri
ska support nth move nwy
stp support fin move nwy
swe move den
tun hold
tyr move ven
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support den move kie
ber support den move kie
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support bot move swe
rum move bud
ser hold
ska support nth move den
smy move eas
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move den
ber support kie
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den move hel
eas move ion
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support mun
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move edi
nwy hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
ska move nth
stp support nwy
swe support bal move den
tys support ion move tun
ven support ser move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
France: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bur support ruh
den support swe move ska
edi support nth
gal move vie
hel move hol
hol move kie
kie move ruh
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ruh
nth support edi
nwy hold
pie move gol
ruh support hol move kie
stp support nwy
swe move ska
tri hold
ven support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support eas move ion
ank hold
ber move kie
bul hold
con hold
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
hol support ber move kie
lvn move pru
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp
rom move tus
ser hold
sil support mun
ska move nth
stp support nwy
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
