PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
gre move ion
kie support swe move den
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
ven move adr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nth
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mid hold
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move den
tri support vie
tun move ion
ukr support sev
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove ser
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
arm move sev
bar support ska move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move bal
edi move yor
eng move wal
gal support bud move rum
gre hold
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mid hold
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
rum hold
sev move bla
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe move den
tri support vie
tun move wes
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support den move kie
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
gre hold
hel support bel move hol
hol support kie
ion support aeg move gre
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum move ser
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
ukr move mos
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol disband
kie disband
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support con move aeg
hel move kie
hol support bel move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support sil move war
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy move eas
swe move bot
tri move ser
ukr move mos
vie move bud
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bla support rum
bot move swe
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move vie
hel move kie
ion move tys
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mos support sil move war
nth move lon
nwy support bal move swe
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
sil move war
ukr move gal
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move ser
edi move den via convoy
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move adr
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move mun
rum move bud
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
tys move ion
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move mun
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec move bla
den move swe
gal move vie
kie move bal
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support den move swe
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
ser support alb move tri
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support rom move tus
vie support tri move bud
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
tys move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move pru
bel hold
bla convoy con move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
edi move den
gal support bud move vie
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support bot move stp
pie move tus
ser support tri
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe move pru via convoy
tri hold
tun support nap move tys
tus support nap move tys
tyr support ven
tys support pie move tus
ven support pie move tus
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
tus move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
bal support pru
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh hold
den move kie
gal support vie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mun support boh
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
nwy support stp/sc
pru hold
rom move tys
ser move tri
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
vie support ser move tri
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bar
build Army bre
build Army con
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
apu support ion move nap
bal move lvn
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre move pic
con move bul
gal support vie
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie hold
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mos support war
mun support boh
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru support bal move lvn
smy move aeg
stp/sc support bal move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move pie
tys support ion move nap
ven hold
vie support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support nap
ber support kie
bla convoy bul move sev
bul move sev via convoy
bur support mun
gal move sil
gre move ion
kie hold
lon move wal
lvn hold
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mos support war
nap support apu
nth move lon
pic move bel
pie support ven
pru support sil
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sil hold
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ven
tun support tys
tys support rom
ven support rom
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
