PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
apu move gre
bot move swe
bul support apu move gre
con move ank
edi move nwy
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pru move ber
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel support lon move nth
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
edi move nwy
gre move alb
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
mun support kie move ber
nap move gre
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move mid
ser support alb move tri
spa move mar
tri support gre move alb
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move tun
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
rum support con move bul
ser move bud
stp move mos
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move sev
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support nth move hel
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support alb move gre
sev move ukr
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move con
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support ser
hel move den
hol support yor move bel
ion move aeg
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nat
ruh support mun move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos
yor move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove pie
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu move ion
bel move ruh
bla support bul
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move smy
den move kie
edi move yor
eng support mid move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
kie support mun move ber
lon support nth move eng
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mun move ber
nat support lvp move iri
nth move eng
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh hold
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber hold
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
eas support aeg move smy
eng support iri move wal
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri move wal
lon support iri move wal
mid support bre move eng
mos support war move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev move mos
tri move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal support bre move eng
war move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
smy move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
edi move yor
eng support nat move mid
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol support kie
lon move nth
nat move mid
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move ukr
smy move con
tri move vie
vie move gal
wal move iri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla move bul/ec
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move con
con support bla move bul/ec
eas move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal support ser move rum
hol support kie
iri move mid
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
rum support bla move bul/ec
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy support aeg move con
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sev
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support ank move con
bud move gal
bul move con
con move bla
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
hol support kie
kie hold
lon move bre
mid support lon move bre
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
rom move tus
rum support bla move sev
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move mar
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
yor move nwy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bul move con
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move ukr
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move bal
mid move por
nth move den
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
smy move con
stp move mos
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support den move swe
boh support rum move gal
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move swe
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
nap move tys
par move bur
pie move mar
por support mar move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
smy support bul move con
stp move lvn
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
bal move ber
boh move sil
bur support mar
con move smy
edi move hol
gal move war
iri move mid
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos
gol support tys move wes
mid move spa/sc
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
por support mid move spa/sc
ruh move mun
sev move mos
smy move eas
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
war move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
England: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
arm move sev
ber support pru
bur support mar
con move smy
eas support con move smy
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move hol
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support arm move sev
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support mos move sev
bal support ber
bur support ruh move mun
con support smy move ank
eas move smy
gal move war
hol move ruh
iri move mid
kie support ruh move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move bur
naf support tun move wes
nwy move stp/nc
pie support mar
por support iri move mid
pru move sil
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
smy move ank
spa/sc support wes move gol
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
ber move bal
boh support tyr move mun
bur move gas
con move bla
edi move nwy
gal move war
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun support pru move sil
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support mar
por support mid move spa/sc
pru move sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp/nc move bar
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move arm
arm support mos move sev
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla move arm
boh support tyr move mun
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support sil move war
gas support por move spa/sc
iri move mid
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nat support iri move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sil move war
ven move pie
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army/dislodged arm
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: fleet/dislodged por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
England: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
