PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur support eng move bel
con move bul
eng move bel
hol hold
mun hold
nap move tun
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pru move war
sil move ber
spa move por
stp move nwy
tys hold
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nth
hol hold
kie move hel
lon hold
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
por move spa
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tys move tun
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move hol
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
gal move boh
hel move kie
hol support hel
lon move yor
lvn move pru
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support sil move ber
lon move nth
mar move pie
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
ser support tri move bud
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun support nap move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bal move swe
ber support tyr move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
den hold
gre support aeg move ion
hel move hol
hol hold
ion hold
kie support hel move hol
mar move pie
nth support den
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support hol
ser move tri
stp/nc hold
tun support ion
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
remove gal
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support gre move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud support tri move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
sil move ber
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support bur move mun
ven support rom move apu
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet/dislodged apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
alb support ser move tri
apu move ven
bal support den move kie
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move ruh
ber hold
bud support vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move stp
gal move rum
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
ion move apu
kie move bal
gol move tys
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army/dislodged apu
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb move ion
apu move ven
bal support kie
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
gre support alb move ion
hel support kie
ion move apu
kie hold
lon move eng
nth hold
nrg move nat
pru move lvn
rom support ion move apu
rum move ukr
ser move bud
stp move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move nap
bal support kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support war move sil
bud support vie
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre move alb
hel support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn move mos
nat move mid
nth hold
rom support apu move nap
ser support tri
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support ion
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support sil move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
hel move hol
ion move nap
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support hel move hol
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support tri move ven
bal support kie
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
eng move bre
hol support nth move bel
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
nth move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/nc
rom move tus
ruh move bel
sil move pru
stp hold
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove pie
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal support kie
bar support stp
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move bre
hol hold
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nap move tys
pic move par
por support spa/nc
rom move tus
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa/nc hold
stp hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support kie
bar support stp
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support par
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie hold
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move rom
par hold
pie hold
por move spa/sc
spa/nc move por
stp hold
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army smy
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel hold
boh move sil
bre hold
con move bul
eng convoy lon move pic
gal hold
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move pic
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun move ber
nth move hel
par move bre
pie hold
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
stp hold
tun move naf
tys move gol
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
bar support stp
bel hold
bre hold
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move war
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion hold
kie support bal move ber
gol support tys move wes
mid move naf
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move ber
nap move tys
par hold
pic move bur
pie hold
por move mid
ruh move kie
sil support mun move ber
spa/nc hold
stp hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
