PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
smy hold
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move gal
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move pru
bot support nwy move swe
bre move eng
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
eng support yor move bel
gal move boh
gre support bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move bal
mid support bre move eng
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move swe
por move spa
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bal support pru move lvn
boh support bur move mun
bot support swe
bud support vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
eng support bur move bel
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mid move iri
nth support wal move eng
nwy support swe
pru move lvn
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy hold
spa hold
swe hold
ven move pie
vie hold
wal move eng
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move syr
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
boh move sil
bot support swe
bre support iri move mid
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
den move swe
eas convoy gre move syr
eng move wal
gre move syr
iri move mid
lon move yor
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum hold
smy support con
spa move mar
swe support nth move den
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel support bre move eng
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mar
con support smy
den move swe
eas support syr move smy
hol move kie
lvn move war
mid move por
mos move war
mun move sil
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pie hold
por hold
pru move ber
rum support con move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy support con
spa support mid move por
swe hold
syr move smy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
wal move eng
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con move smy
bal move swe
bel support eng move nth
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre move eng
bul move con
con move smy
den support bal move swe
eas support smy
eng move nth
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support rum move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move sev
sev support lvn move mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy support bul move con
spa support mar
swe support nth move den
tyr move mun
ven support tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
nth move hol
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support sil move ber
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
boh hold
con support smy move ank
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move mid
fin move nwy
hol support lon move bel
kie move mun
lon move bel
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mid move naf
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth move edi
pie move mar
rum support mos move sev
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa support mar
stp/nc support fin move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
ber move pru
sev disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pru
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bal support nwy move swe
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
con move bul
den move nth
edi move cly
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move yor
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
naf support mid move wes
nap move tys
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
sev move mos
spa support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
mar move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move edi
con move bla
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
hel move den
kie move den
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
naf move tun
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pie support gol move mar
ruh support mar move bur
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move ber
ska move den
spa support bur move mar
swe support kie move den
tun support tys
tys support tun
war move mos
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hel
remove naf
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move eng
bla support rum move sev
bud move gal
bur move mar
cly move lvp
den move kie
gas support bur move mar
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pie support mar
ruh support mun move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa support bur move mar
stp support sev move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal convoy swe move ber
bla support sev
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
cly move edi
den support hol move kie
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gas support spa move mar
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support sil move ber
lvp move cly
gol convoy tus move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support tus move spa
mos hold
nth support hol move bel
pie support mar
ruh move hol
sev support war move mos
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp support mos
swe move ber via convoy
tun move naf
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move mun
war move mos
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove nth
remove ska
remove swe
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bud move gal
cly move edi
den move kie
edi move nth
gas support por move spa
kie hold
lon move wal
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
mos hold
mun support kie
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pie support mar
por move spa
sev move mos
stp support mos
tun move naf
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal move bot
ber support kie
boh move sil
con move aeg
den hold
eng support nth move bel
gal support war
gas support por move spa
hol move bel
kie hold
lvn move mos
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support spa move por
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support kie
naf move wes
nth move bel
pic move par
pie support tus move mar
por move spa
sil move pru
spa move por
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tus move mar via convoy
ukr support mos
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel hold
bot support stp
bur support mar move gas
den move kie
edi hold
eng support bel
gas support por move spa
lvp move cly
gol support spa
mid move nat
mar move gas
naf move mid
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
smy move gre via convoy
spa hold
stp hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
bot support stp
bre move par
bur move par
cly move edi
den move kie
edi hold
eng move iri
gas support bur move par
gre hold
kie move ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nrg support cly move edi
por move spa
spa support mid move por
stp hold
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bot support stp
bre hold
bur hold
edi move cly
eng support bre
gas move bre
gre move tun via convoy
iri move lvp
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap hold
nrg move nat
par support gas move bre
por move mid
pru support lvn
rom move tys
ruh support mun move kie
spa move gas
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support stp
bre support par move pic
bur support par move pic
cly move lvp
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gas support bre
gre move tun via convoy
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
nat support cly move lvp
nap move tys
par move pic
pic move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh support hol move bel
stp hold
tys move wes
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support stp
bre hold
bur hold
den hold
eng move lon
gas hold
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
iri move wal
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support iri move wal
mid support wal move eng
mos move stp
nat move mid
nap move tys
pic hold
por move spa/nc
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move wes
ven hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: fleet/dislodged wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
wal move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support stp
bre move par
bur hold
den move kie
eng move nth
gas move mar
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mos move sev
naf move mid
nat support lvp move iri
pic hold
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tun hold
tys hold
ven hold
wal move lon
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support stp
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
gas support wes move mid
iri support wal move eng
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
wal move eng
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bot support stp
bre move pic
bur move mar
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gas support mid move bre
iri move mid
kie move den
lon support eng
lvn move stp
mid move bre
naf move mid
nat support iri move mid
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
pie hold
sev move mos
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp hold
tun move naf
ukr support sev move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot support stp
bre move pic
bur support bre move pic
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
gas move bre
hol support pic move bel
iri support eng
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
naf move mid
nat move mid
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp hold
tun move naf
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bot support stp
bre move eng
bur hold
den move kie
eng support iri
iri support eng
mid move iri
mar hold
naf hold
nat move mid
nth support eng
par move bre
pic support bre move eng
pie hold
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp hold
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bot support stp move lvn
bre hold
bur hold
den move kie
eng convoy naf move lon
iri move eng
lon support nth
mid convoy naf move lon
mar hold
naf move lon via convoy
nat support iri
nap move tys
nth support iri move eng
pic support eng
pie hold
spa/nc support mid
stp move lvn
ven hold
wes convoy naf move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bot support lvn move stp
bre hold
bud move rum
bur hold
den move kie
eng support mid move iri
iri support lon move eng
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar hold
mos move stp
nat support iri
nth support lon move eng
pic support eng
pie hold
pru move lvn
spa/nc support wes move mid
tri move alb
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bot support stp
bre move wal via convoy
bur move pic
den move kie
eng convoy bre move wal
iri support nth move eng
lon support nth move eng
mid move iri
mar move gas
naf move tun
nat support iri
nth move eng
pic move bel
pie move tyr
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp hold
tys move nap
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support wal move eng
bot support stp move lvn
den move kie
eng move bre
iri move lvp
lon move yor
mid hold
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth move edi
spa/nc support mid
stp move lvn
wal move eng
wes support mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
bot move bal
bre move lon via convoy
den move kie
edi support bel move nth
eng convoy bre move lon
gas move bre
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mid move iri
nrg move nth
pic move bel
spa/nc support wes move mid
tys move wes
wes move mid
yor support nrg move nth
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel support eng move nth
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
lvp move iri
mid move nat
nrg support yor move edi
stp move lvn
tys move wes
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Italy: fleet/dislodged edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel move eng
cly move nrg
edi hold
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvn support stp move mos
mid move iri
nat support cly move nrg
nap move tys
nth support cly move nrg
nrg support edi
pic move bur
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
wes support spa/nc move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move nwy
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move mun
bre move bel via convoy
bur move mun
edi move cly
eng convoy bre move bel
iri convoy tun move lvp
lvn move mos
lvp move cly
mid convoy tun move lvp
mos move sev
nat move cly
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
tun move lvp via convoy
tyr move vie
ven move tri
wal support tun move lvp
wes convoy tun move lvp
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
bur move mun
den move nth
edi hold
eng support nth
lvp move edi
mid move nat
mos move sev
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move ska
rom move ven
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tys support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move yor
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move mun
bud support tri move ser
bur move mun
den support ska move nth
edi hold
eng move nth
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lvp move edi
mid move nat
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
sev move arm
ska move nth
tri move ser
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ven move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet/dislodged nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
