PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bur move bel
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
spa hold
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur hold
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move bul
spa hold
swe support kie move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel hold
bul hold
den hold
gas move mar
hol support bel
ion support tys move tun
mid move wes
mun move bur
nth support ska move den
rum hold
sev hold
ska move den
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move bud
tun hold
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
bur hold
den support swe
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
mar hold
mun support kie move ruh
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic hold
rom move tys
sev support rum move ukr
ska move den
spa move naf via convoy
swe support den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bel support ruh move bur
bud move rum
bur hold
den support swe
gal support bud move rum
hol support bel
ion move gre
mid move por
mar hold
mos hold
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
pic hold
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
sev move ukr
ska move swe
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri support ser
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pru
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bal support den
bel support bur move pic
bul hold
bur move pic
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support rum move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par support mar move bur
pic hold
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: army por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
pic move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support den
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bre move pic
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur hold
den hold
lon move hol via convoy
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe
par support bre move pic
pic support mun move bur
por hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
ser hold
sev hold
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move ven
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bal support den
bel support ruh move bur
bud move ser
bur move gas
con move bla
den hold
gal move war
kie move hol
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support war
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move con
swe move den
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal move ber
bel support hol
bla support rum move sev
bur move mun
con hold
den move swe
gal move war
hel support lon move den
hol hold
lon move den via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support sev
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move den
par move gas
pic move par
por move spa
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
swe support lon move den
tys move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
bul/sc support ion move aeg
den move kie
gas support por move spa
hel move hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon move eng
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move stp
por move spa
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move bal
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank move con
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support bul/sc move con
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con move smy
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gal move war
gas move spa
hel move hol
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn support gal move war
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support kie
nth move bel
por move mid
sev support mos
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
remove mun
build Fleet nap
remove smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
bal move ber
bel support hel move hol
ber support kie
bre support par move gas
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move sil
hel move hol
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn support war
mid move iri
nap move ion
par move gas
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
ruh support hol
rum move gal
sev support mos
spa support par move gas
stp move mos
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gas move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bur support tyr move mun
con support bla move ank
eas move ion
gal move war
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie support ber
mar support spa/sc
mos support gal move war
nap move tys
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support por move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move eng
mid move wes
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
