PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
den move swe
gal move rum
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
par move pic
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support tri move ser
con support bul
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move gre
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel move hol
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
ion move tun
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
par support gas move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support bud move tri
spa/sc move mar
swe support yor move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move syr
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move cly
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move kie
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum move bla
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
arm support sev
bal support kie
bla support rum move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support ruh move mun
cly hold
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
mid move naf
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy hold
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support syr move smy
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move con
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
cly hold
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon hold
mid hold
mar move gol
mun move boh
naf move tun
nwy hold
par move bur
rum support sev
sev support rum
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank support con move smy
arm move ank
bal move bot
ber hold
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move pic
cly move nrg
con move smy
gre hold
kie support ber
lon move yor
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move pie
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev move bla
smy support arm move ank
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support con move smy
arm move ank
bar support bot move stp
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move smy
edi move cly
gre support aeg move bul
ion move aeg
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nrg move nth
pic move bur
pie move tus
smy support arm move ank
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move con
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar hold
ber move lvn via convoy
bla support smy move con
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move bel
cly move lvp
con move bla
gal move rum
gre support bul/sc
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
mid move nat
nth convoy yor move nwy
smy move con
stp/sc support ber move lvn
tri move bud
tus move ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
wes move tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
gre move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc support gre
con move bul
gre support bul/sc
ion move eas
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support nwy move stp
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom move tys
ser hold
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven move apu
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move syr via convoy
bal support lvn move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber support lvn move pru
bla move bul/ec
bot support stp move lvn
bud support gal move rum
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bur move mun
con support bla move bul
eas convoy apu move syr
gal move rum
gre support bul/sc
ion convoy apu move syr
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mos support war
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bla move bul
ser support gal move rum
smy hold
stp move lvn
tri support ser
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber support pru
bla support sev move rum
bot support bal move lvn
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con support smy
eas convoy tus move smy
gre support rum move bul
ion convoy tus move smy
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nrg hold
par move bur
pru support lvn move war
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy hold
stp move mos
syr support tus move smy
tri move ser
tus move smy via convoy
tys convoy tus move smy
wal hold
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
smy move ank
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
eas support syr move smy
gre support bul
lvn hold
mos hold
mun move kie
nrg move cly
pie move tus
pru support war
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
smy move con
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move bud
ukr support mos
wal move lon
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
France: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
France: army con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
