PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bur
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tri hold
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
bla support ser move bul
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud support tri
bur move bel
con support bul
den support kie move bal
gal support rum
gre move aeg
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth support lon move eng
par move pic
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/sc move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move boh
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support den move swe
bel move pic
bla move con
boh support ven move tyr
bot support fin move swe
bud move vie
bul support bla move con
bur support bel move pic
con move smy
den move swe
eng support iri move mid
fin move swe
gal support rum
gre move aeg
ion move adr
iri move mid
mar hold
mun support bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
pic move par
rum support gal
smy move eas
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
remove smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg convoy bul move smy
apu move adr
arm move bla
bal support den move swe
boh move tyr
bot support fin move stp
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move smy via convoy
bur move par
con support sev move bla
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin move stp/sc
gal move sil
lon move nth
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun move bur
nwy support den move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move par
por move spa
rum move sev
sev move bla
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
ven support boh move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
par move gas
tyr move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
bal move ber
bla move ank
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
con support bla move ank
hol move kie
ion move tun
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support tri move ven
sev hold
sil move mun
spa move por
stp/sc support bot
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
bal convoy kie move lvn
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move aeg
eng move mid
ion move nap
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move eng
mid move wes
mun support par move bur
nth move bel
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support tri move ven
sev move rum
sil support war move pru
stp/sc move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur disband
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal support kie move ber
bel move nth
ber move sil
bla move con
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin move stp/sc
gas hold
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mun support ber move sil
nap support tys move rom
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
por move spa
pru move ber
rom support ven
rum move gal
ser support tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move gre via convoy
tri support pie move ven
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom disband
sil move boh
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove por
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud hold
con move bul/sc
fin move swe
gal move rum
ion support rom move nap
kie move den
lvn move bal
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support sil
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
pru move war
rom move nap
ser move bul
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc move wes
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nap move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
bar move stp/nc
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud support ser move rum
con support rum move bul
den move swe
gre move bul
ion support nap
lvn move bal
mar move pie
nap hold
nwy support bar move stp
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
smy hold
spa/sc move por
swe support lvn move bal
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support rom
war support boh move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move nap
bal move den
ber support ruh move mun
bre move pic
bud support alb move ser
bul move gre
con move bla
den move kie
edi move yor
gal support mos move war
gre move bul
ion support bul move gre
lon move eng
lvn move bal
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos move war
mun hold
nwy move nth
por move spa/sc
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support ruh move mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support lvn move bal
tun move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tus
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move den
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bur support tyr move mun
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move bud
gre hold
ion support tys move nap
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move par
rom hold
ser support alb move gre
spa/sc move gol
swe support bal move den
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support rom
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support par move bur
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ser
ion support gre move alb
lon move pic via convoy
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun support bur move ruh
nap support tus move rom
nth hold
par move bur
rom hold
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
swe move bot
tus move rom
ven support rom
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bel move hol
bot move stp/sc
bul/ec support rum
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion support aeg move gre
nap support tus move rom
nth support bel move hol
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum support bul/ec
ser move bul
sev hold
swe support nth move nwy
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove mar
build Army mos
remove sil
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur support bel move ruh
gas move mar
gre support bul/ec
hol support kie
ion move adr
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nap move apu
nth move hel
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum hold
sev move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move adr
tys move ion
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ion move adr
arm move smy
bot move bal
bur move mun
gal move rum
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move adr
mar move pie
nth move nwy
rom move tus
ser support gal move rum
swe support nth move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
apu support pie move ven
arm move smy
bal support swe move den
ber support kie move mun
boh move vie
bud support gal
bul/ec support sev move rum
bur move mun
gal support bud
gre support bul/ec
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move mun
nwy move nth
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move den
tus move gol
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
apu move ion
bal move ber
bud move ser
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
den support kie
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie
ion move aeg
kie support bal move ber
lon move hol
gol move mar
nth convoy lon move hol
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
smy support bul/ec move con
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
England: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con disband
mun disband
ser disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
England: fleet tri
England: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
