PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move fin
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
rom move apu
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven hold
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support par
con support bul
den hold
lon move nth
mun move bur
nth move nrg
par support bur
ruh support mun move bur
ser support alb move gre
smy move aeg
spa hold
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move eng
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gre hold
kie move hol
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
par support bur
ruh move bel
ser support gre
spa move por
tri move ven
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
apu move alb
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move alb
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par support bur
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser support gre
sev move ukr
stp move fin
tri support ser
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel move eng
ber hold
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur hold
den support ska move swe
hol move ruh
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move bur
mun support bur
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
par support mar move bur
rum support bul
ser support gre
ska move swe
spa move tus
tri support ser
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move nap
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
ber move pru
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move gas
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre move alb
ion convoy alb move nap
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth hold
nwy support swe move fin
par support mar move bur
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move gre
swe move fin
tri support bud move ser
tus move rom
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move adr
bel support nth move eng
ber move pru
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
fin support nwy move stp
gas move spa
gre support ser
ion move tun
kie move mun
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move gas
ruh move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser support gre
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys move tun
ven support nap move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
fin hold
gas move spa
gre support ser
ion move adr
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move rom
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tys move rom
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb move gre
apu move ven
bur move mar
eng move bre
fin hold
iri move mid
mid move por
mos support bla move sev
mun move bur
nap move rom
nrg move nat
pic support eng move bre
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ser
ser support rum
sil support war
spa support bur move mar
tri support ven
ven support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove gas
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre move eng
bul support gre
bur move par
gre support bul
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nat move mid
par hold
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser support rum
sil move gal
spa move gas
tri support ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ser
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur support gas move par
eng move mid
fin hold
gal support boh move vie
gas move par
gre move ser
mid move wes
mun move tyr
pie support apu move ven
rom support apu move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move boh
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move adr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal support rum
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
rom support ven
rum move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move gre
spa/sc move gol
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven support rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre move ser
bla support rum
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin hold
gal move vie
gre move ser
ion move nap
iri hold
gol hold
mun support boh
nrg move nat
pie support tyr
rom support ven
rum support gre move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move gal
tri support vie
tyr support gal move vie
tys support ion move nap
ukr support ser move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
bla support sev
boh move gal
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
gal move bud
gre move ion
iri convoy lvp move tus
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvp move tus
gol convoy lvp move tus
mid convoy lvp move tus
mar support pie
mun move boh
nap support tys move rom
pie support tyr
rom support ven
ser support rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven support rom
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr
wes convoy lvp move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud support tri
bul support ser
gal move bud
ion move adr
kie move mun
gol support tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
pie support tus move ven
rum support bul
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
tri support bud
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bla support sev
bul move rum
ion support smy move aeg
lon move eng
gol move tys
mos move sev
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
tri support rum move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
