PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move ank
bot move swe
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
edi move nwy
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa move mar
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel support par move bur
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support gre
con move smy
gre support bul
ion move eas
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move adr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move wal via convoy
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
eas convoy tun move syr
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move nwy
gal move vie
ion convoy tun move syr
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move lon
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move syr
swe support fin move nwy
tun move syr via convoy
tus move ven
tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move syr
ber move mun
bla hold
bud move gal
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal move rum
hol move kie
ion support eas move aeg
iri support wal move lvp
lon hold
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth support lon
nwy move swe
pie support tyr move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
smy move syr
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bal move den
bel move hol
bla support smy move con
bud move rum
bul move ser
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp hold
mos support sev
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move hol
pie support ven
rom support ion move nap
rum support bla move bul
sev support rum
smy move con
swe support bal move den
tri move ser
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
nap move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove aeg
build Fleet mar
remove nat
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con hold
den move hel
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre move ion
iri move wal
kie move den
lon move edi
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move edi
pie move tus
rom move ven
rum support bla move bul
sev support rum
ska support kie move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move gal
con move ank
den support ska move swe
eng support wal move lon
gal move ukr
hel move den
lon move hol
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mos support sev
nap support rom
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move ska
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move pru
ska move swe
swe support hel move den
tri move vie
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
rom disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
den support ska move swe
eng move nth
ion support nap
kie move hol
lon support eng move nth
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nwy support swe
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
ska move swe
smy hold
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move ven
bla hold
den move swe
gal support pru move war
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvn support war move mos
gol move wes
mid move nat
mos support sil move war
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
pru support sil move war
rom support tyr move ven
sev support mos
sil move war
ska support den move swe
smy move arm
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys support nap
ukr support mos
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet ber
remove hel
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move bal
bla hold
bud move vie
gal support ukr move war
ion support tun
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move gas
pru move lvn
rom move apu
sev move mos
ska hold
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun disband
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg hold
apu support ven
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber move sil
bla hold
bur move gas
edi move bel via convoy
gal support war
gas move spa
ion move apu
lvn support sil move war
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun support ven
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support mos move stp
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move den
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ven move ven
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bar
remove bot
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg hold
ank move sev via convoy
apu support rom move ven
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
den move bal
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move alb
lvn support fin move stp
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
sev move mos
sil move boh
stp support mos move lvn
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys move nap
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
apu move rom
bal move bot
bla move con
bur support sil move mun
fin move stp
gal support war
gre support adr move ion
ion support nap move apu
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move wes
nap move apu
nth move eng
pru move war
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support ruh move mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tri support ven
tun support ion
tyr support mun
tys move nap
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu hold
ber support ruh move mun
bot support fin move stp
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move alb
lvn support stp
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support gal move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support ruh move mun
stp hold
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven
tys support pie move tus
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin move swe
gre support eas move ion
lvn support stp
gol support pie
mos support stp
nth support nwy
pie support apu move ven
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tri support ven
tus support apu move ven
tyr move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
