PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul hold
con move bla
edi move bel via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move tus
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bud hold
bul move ser
con move ank
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move edi
nth support bel
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support tus move ven
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
tus move ven
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bla
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support nth
nwy move ska
pic support bel
pie hold
ruh move bel
smy support ank
spa move naf via convoy
stp/nc move bar
tun hold
tyr hold
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move ank
bar support mos move stp
bel hold
bla move con
bud hold
bul support bla move con
con move bul/sc
gre move ion
hel support den
hol support ruh move bel
gol move tys
mar support pic move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth support nwy move den
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move den via convoy
pic move bur
pie hold
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum hold
ska convoy nwy move den
smy move arm
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
con move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
arm move sev
bar support stp move nwy
bla support arm move sev
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con support ank
hel support den
hol support bel
ion move tys
gol move tys
mar support bur
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
rum move sev
ska support nwy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr support ven
ven hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support stp move nwy
bel move hol
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur support bel
con support ank move bla
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion hold
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nap support tus move rom
nth support bel move hol
nrg hold
nwy hold
par move pic
ruh support mun
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
ska support nwy
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move nap
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy
bla support rum move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move smy
den support swe
fin move nwy
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nap hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
pic support bel
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev hold
ska support fin move nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move mun
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move bre via convoy
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bur move bel
eng convoy bel move bre
mar move gas
mos move war
mun support boh move sil
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
rom hold
sev move ukr
ska move nth
smy move eas
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri move adr
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move ven
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move tus
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move den
bel support pic
bla support ukr move rum
bud move vie
den move kie
eas support ion
gas support pic move bre
ion support adr move apu
kie move ber
gol support tun move tus
mun move kie
nap move apu
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move bre
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe support bal move den
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move ven
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move rum
ven move tus
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
bre move par
bud move ser
cly move lvp
den move nth
eas support ion
gas move bur
hol support kie
ion support apu move nap
kie support hol
gol move wes
mid move por
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support den move nth
par move pic
pru move sil
rom move apu
rum move gal
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur support ruh
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eas move aeg
ion move tys
lon hold
lvp support nrg move edi
mun move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth move eng
nrg move edi
par move pic
pic move bel
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum move bud
ser move gre
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move rom
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
ber support den move kie
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
den move kie
edi move cly
eng support nwy move nth
gre move bul
ion move eas
lvp move yor
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pru move sil
sev move bla
stp move lvn
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
kie move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb hold
bel support ruh
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move gal
bur move mun
cly move nat
eas hold
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre support aeg
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lvn move war
mid move por
nth move hol
pic move bur
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
ser support gal move bud
sil support ber move mun
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
