PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move tri
bul hold
den hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul hold
con support bul
den move nth
gal move war
gre hold
hol move ruh
kie move hel
lvn move mos
mun move bur
pie move tus
rom move tys
ser support tri move bud
sev move mos
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move ven
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move par
con support bul
gal move sil
hel move nth
kie move den
lvn move mos
nth move nrg
pic support bur move par
ruh move hol
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tus move spa
tys convoy tus move spa
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes convoy tus move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bla support bul
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul hold
con move aeg
den move kie
gre hold
hol move ruh
mos move war
nap move ion
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum hold
ser hold
sev support rum
sil move pru
smy move eas
spa support pie move mar
stp move mos
tys support nap move ion
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber hold
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support ser
bul hold
eas move ion
gal support pru move war
ion hold
kie move den
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support war
nth move eng
par move bur
pru move war
ruh hold
rum support bul
ser support gre
sev move mos
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tys support ion
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ber move pru
bla support rum
bre move gas
bud support ser
bul hold
bur hold
den move kie
eas support aeg
edi move cly
eng move iri
gal support war
gre support eas move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move gas
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
pie move tyr
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support gre
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
swe move bal
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur hold
cly move lvp
eas move aeg
gal move vie
gre support eas move ion
iri support cly move lvp
kie move mun
lvn support sil move war
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support ion
pru support sil move war
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support tri
sil move war
tri support gal move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
war disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move gre
bla move rum
boh support sil move mun
bre support bur move par
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move par
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion support ven move alb
iri move eng
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nap support ion
pru move sil
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support vie
tyr move ven
ven move alb
vie support tri
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bla support sev
boh support mun move tyr
bre support par
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur support par
eng move lon
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par support bur
pru move sil
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move eas
tri support ser
ukr support mos move sev
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
wal support eng move lon
war support ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move swe
bel support lon move eng
bla support sev
boh support mun move tyr
bre support par move gas
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
bur support par move gas
eng move lon
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move war
mar support ven move pie
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
par move gas
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev hold
sil support kie move mun
tri support rom move ven
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie support tyr move tri
wal move iri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
bel move nth
bla support rum
boh support tyr
bre move lon via convoy
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur support gas
eas move aeg
eng convoy bre move lon
gal move rum
gas support bur
gre hold
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support tyr
pie move mar
rum support bul move ser
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
swe move nwy
tri support bul move ser
tyr hold
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
vie support mun move tri
wal move lon
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur support gas
con move ank
eng support nth move lon
gal support bud move rum
gas support bur
gre move ion
lvp hold
gol support mar
mid support wal move eng
mar support spa move gas
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
ruh support sil move mun
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
spa move gas
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move nth
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre support gas
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur support gas
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas support bre
ion move tun
lon support bel move nth
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa move gas
mos support sev
mun support tyr
nrg move nat
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
sil move boh
spa move gas
tri move ser
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh support tyr
bre support spa move gas
bul support rum
bur support gas
con move aeg
gal move bud
gas support bur
gre move ion
iri support nat move mid
lon support nth move eng
gol move wes
mid support spa move gas
mar support spa move gas
mos support sev
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nth move eng
par move bre
rum hold
sev hold
spa move gas
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur support gas
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bur
ion move nap
iri move mid
lon move eng
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support tyr
par support eng move bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tus
por support bre move mid
rum support bul move ser
sev support ukr move rum
spa move naf
tri move apu
tyr support vie move tri
tys move rom
ukr move rum
vie move tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
remove pie
remove por
build Fleet smy
remove spa
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move rom
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move alb
iri support bre move mid
kie move ber
mid move naf
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nap support rom
par move gas
pic move bur
rom hold
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move adr
apu support tus move rom
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move gre via convoy
gal support sev move rum
gas move spa
iri move mid
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap move ion
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa move por
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev move rum
ven support mar move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move bal
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support sil
pie move tus
por move spa
rom support tys move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
sil support ber move pru
spa move naf via convoy
tri support vie
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal convoy pru move swe
bla move rum
boh support vie
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
gal support bud
ion move gre
mos support sev
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pie move tus
pru move swe via convoy
rom move nap
rum support alb move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
sil hold
spa move mar
tri support alb move ser
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support tri
ukr support rum
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Germany: army tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
