PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
ion support bul move gre
mid move por
nth move den
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nth
ion move tun
lon support edi move nth
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support den move kie
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move rum
bud support rum move ser
bur support eng move bel
con move bul/ec
eng move bel
gal support bud
kie support nth move hol
lon move nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy hold
pie support ven
rum move ser
ser support vie move bud
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move vie
gre move ser
ion move tys
lon move den via convoy
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move den
pie support mun move tyr
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy move con
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie hold
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
tyr disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
ber support sil move mun
boh move gal
bud move tri
con move gre via convoy
den move swe
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun support tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
pie support tyr move ven
rum move bud
sil move mun
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tus support apu move ven
tyr move ven
vie support bud move tri
wes move naf
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
tri move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move ven
bla move rum
bot support stp
bud move ser
den move swe
gal move ukr
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move nth
gol support pie move tus
mun support tyr
naf support wes move tun
nth move hol
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
swe move fin
tri support bud move ser
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tyr move ven
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal support kie move ber
bar support fin move stp
ber support sil
bot support stp
fin move stp
gal move boh
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol support tun move tys
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sil support ber
tri support vie
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
stp move lvn
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh move gal
bul/ec move bla
edi move nth
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
ser move gre
sil move war
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support pru move lvn
bar support stp
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh move vie
fin support stp
gal move rum
ion support tys move nap
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos support bla move sev
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move bre
pie move tus
pru move lvn
sev move rum
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
tri move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
boh support tri move vie
bot move swe
bre move mid
fin move stp
gal support vie
hol move kie
ion move eas
lvn move bot
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth hold
par move bur
pru support stp move lvn
ser move tri
sev move bla
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom disband
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp
bla move ank
boh move vie
bot support kie move lvn
bur move mun
eas move smy
gal move boh
ion move aeg
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tys
nth hold
pru support kie move lvn
rom move nap
sil move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
bre move pic
bur move mun
gal move boh
ion move aeg
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support lvn move war
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil support gal move boh
stp support mos
tri support boh move vie
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie support gal move boh
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move bla
bal support pru
ber hold
boh support gal move vie
bot hold
bud move ser
bur support mun
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol move kie
lvn move war
gol move tus
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr move boh
nap move ion
nth hold
pic move bel
pru hold
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
smy move con
stp support mos
swe hold
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove bul
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ser
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber move bal
bla support sev
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move ank
gal support boh move vie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr move boh
nth hold
par move bur
pru support kie move ber
sil move boh
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tus move tys
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr support war
vie support tyr move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber move lvn via convoy
bla support sev
boh move gal
bot support ber move lvn
bud move rum
bur move ruh
gal support ukr move rum
ion move aeg
gol move tys
mos support war
mun move sil
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
stp support mos
swe hold
tun move ion
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie support boh move gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
