PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth support bur move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev hold
tri move ven
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move hel
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move bel
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel support hel move nth
bla support con move bul
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
edi support nth
gal hold
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion move tun
gol move tys
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bul move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support par move bur
bla support con move bul
bul/ec move con
con move bul
edi support nth
gal move sil
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
mar support par move bur
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support bel
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun hold
ven move tyr
war support rum move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla move con
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nth
fin support bar move stp
gal move vie
gre move ser
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion move aeg
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
nth move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army par
remove ser
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support gre move ser
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
fin support stp/nc
gre move ser
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion support adr move alb
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid move iri
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hol move kie
nwy support lvn move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum support gre move ser
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska support edi move nth
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bar move nrg
bud move gal
bul/sc support gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move hol
mos support stp
mun move ber
nth move lon
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
ska move nth
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ukr move war
vie move bud
war support bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bre support eng
bud support ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support kie
eng support lvp move wal
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support lon
nwy support swe
par move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support rum
smy support aeg move eas
swe support nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tun support nap move ion
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support ruh move kie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur support mun
eas support aeg move ion
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
ion support adr move alb
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth support lon
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri support ser
tun support ion
tyr move boh
vie support bud
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie hold
lon hold
mid move nat
mun move sil
nth support lon
nwy move ska
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sil support war move pru
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tun support ion
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul support aeg move gre
den support hol move kie
eas move ion
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie support ber
lon hold
mun move sil
nat move cly
nth support lon
nwy hold
pic move bel
pru support sil
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ser
ser support gre move alb
sil support pru
ska move den
smy move aeg
swe support ska move den
tri support bud
tun support ion
vie support bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
den disband
sil move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel move nth
ber support sil
boh move gal
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
cly move edi
den support nwy move nth
eas support gre move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gre move ion
ion support gre move alb
mos move war
nwy move nth
pru support war move sil
ruh support kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
swe move bal
tri move ser
tun support ion
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
alb support tri
bal support pru move ber
bel move nth
bud hold
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
edi support bel move nth
eng support bel move nth
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion hold
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth move hel
pru move ber
ruh support kie
rum support bud
ser support tri
sil support ber
tri support alb
tun support ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support gre move ion
alb support tri
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
den support bal move kie
eas support gre move ion
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre move ion
hel support bal move kie
hol support kie
ion hold
kie hold
lon support eng move nth
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie
nth move ska
pie move tus
ruh support kie
ser support tri
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun support ion
ukr support mos move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb support tri
bal support ber
ber support war move sil
bul support ser
den move ska
eas support gre move ion
eng move nth
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move alb
lon support eng move nth
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move ska
ruh support kie
ser support tri
sil move ber
ska support nth move nwy
tri support alb
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
nwy move bar
sil move pru
tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support ion
alb support bud move tri
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
den support bal move swe
eas support ion
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support ska move den
lon move yor
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
ser support bud move tri
sil move mun
ska move den
tri move vie
tun support nap move ion
tyr support tri move vie
tys support nap move ion
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move bal
ion move gre
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal support hel move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move mun
bud hold
bul move ser
den support kie
eas move ion
eng move lon
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move mos
nth support den
nwy support bar move stp
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move tri
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe support hel move den
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
vie support tyr move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb support tri
ber move mun
bud move gal
den move bal
eas support gre move ion
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser support tri
sil support ber move mun
ska support nth move den
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun move ion
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
ion move nap
tri move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move lvn
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mun
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gal move vie
ion move apu
kie support ber
gol move pie
mun support ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
pru move war
ruh support kie
ser move bud
sil move boh
ska support swe
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support adr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven support alb move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
