PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre
bla convoy con move rum
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eng move mid
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move mun
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bel move pic
bla convoy con move rum
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
ion move aeg
lon hold
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move eng
par move bur
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy hold
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
bla move con
bot move swe
bud support alb move tri
bul support rum
den move swe
eng support por move mid
gal move vie
gre support aeg move bul
hol move bel
lon move wal
pic move bre
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support alb move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support wal move pic
ber move sil
bla support bud move rum
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move ukr
gre move ser
kie move bal
mid move por
nap move ion
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel hold
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion support bul/sc move gre
kie move bal
mun hold
nwy support bot move swe
par hold
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
sil move war
tri support gre move ser
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
swe move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support ser move bul
bud move gal
bul move rum
con support eas move aeg
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lon hold
mid move eng
mos move sev
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move mos
swe support nwy move ska
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bul move con
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move sil
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gas
mos support rum move sev
nth move hol
pic support lon move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
rum move sev
sev move rum
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
sev move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move bur
bla move con
bul/sc move gre
bur move gas
con move smy
den support mun move kie
eas support con move smy
edi move nrg
eng move nth
hol support eng move nth
lvp move iri
mar move gas
mos support sev move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con support eas move smy
den move nth
eas move smy
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move hol
mid support par move gas
mar support mun move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg support nth
nwy support den move nth
par move gas
pie move tyr
ska support den move nth
smy move ank
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
gre move ion
nth move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move kie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move gas
con move bul/ec
eng move lon
gas support par move bur
gre move ion
hol move hel
ion support smy move aeg
kie move den
gol support spa
mid support spa
mar support bur move gas
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ruh
nth move edi
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move bel
sev move rum
ska support nwy move nth
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tun move naf
tyr move tri
ukr move war
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gas move bre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bre move par
bul/sc hold
bur move par
con support smy move aeg
den move yor via convoy
gas support mar move bur
gre support bul/sc
hel move nth
ion support smy move aeg
kie hold
lon support hel move nth
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc move bar
rum move gal
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
tri move alb
tys move wes
ukr move war
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet/dislodged bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar disband
bur move pic
nth move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
remove hol
remove mid
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
bar support nwy move nrg
bel move hol
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support gas move par
con support aeg move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie support bel move hol
lon support nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pru move ber
sil move mun
ska support stp/nc move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bul/sc support gre
bur move gas
edi move nrg
gre support bul/sc
hol support nwy move nth
ion move adr
iri move nat
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move bre
mun move bur
nth move bel
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par support mid move bre
pic move bre
ska support nwy move nth
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bel move nth
boh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bul/sc move aeg
bur move pic
den move lon via convoy
edi support bel move nth
eng move lon
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid move eng
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nrg hold
nwy support nrg
par support bur move pic
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
ska support nth
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support smy move con
alb move tri
bre move eng
bur support pic
edi move nth
eng move iri
ion move tys
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mid support eng move iri
par move bre
pic support bur
pie move mar
smy move con
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bre move wal
bur support pic
con hold
den move edi via convoy
edi hold
eng convoy bre move wal
ion hold
iri support bre move wal
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar move spa
nap move tys
nrg move cly
pic support bur
sev move bla
tri move tyr
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar move nrg
bla move ank
bur support pic
cly move edi
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
iri support nat move lvp
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move por
nat move lvp
nth support cly move edi
pic support bur
spa support mid move por
tyr hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
lon disband
lvp disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
